Source: https://english.luatvietnam.vn/decree-no-17-2012-nd-cp-dated-march-13-2012-of-the-government-detailing-and-guiding-the-implementation-of-a-number-of-articles-of-the-law-on-indepen-68810-doc1.html
Extracted: 2026-07-21 11:46

Decree 17/2012/ND-CP of Government date issued 13/03/2012
Home
Legal Normative Documents
New documents
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
News
Services
Available translation
On-demand translation
Vietnamese
Home
Legal Normative Documents
Accounting - Audit
Search
Advanced Search
Advanced search for legal documents
Filter by
Reset
Types of documents
Law
Ordinance
Decree
Decision
Circular
Joint Circular
Resolution
Directive
Official Dispatch
Regulation
Instruction
Notice
Order
Official Telegram
Plan
Report
Code
Consolidated Text
Convention
Agreement
Treaty
Protocol
Agreement
Treaty
Issuing bodies
Committee for Physical Trainning and Sports
Committee for Population, Family and Children
Council of Ministers
Department of Hanoi public health care
General Department of Customs
General Department of Forestry
General Department of Land Administration
General Department of Post and Telecommunications
General Department of Statistics
General Department of Taxation
General Department of Tourism
Government
Government Commission for Organizational Personnel
Government Committee for Prices
Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
Ministry of Aquatic Products
Ministry of Construction
Ministry of Culture - Information
Ministry of Culture and Information
Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism
Ministry of Education and Training
Ministry of Finance
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Health
Ministry of Home Affairs
Ministry of Industry
Ministry of Industry and Trade
Ministry of Information and Communications
Ministry of Justice
Ministry of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs
Ministry of National Defence
Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment
Ministry of Planning and Investment
Ministry of Post and Telecommunications
Ministry of Public Security
Ministry of Science and Technology
Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment
Ministry of Trade
Ministry of Transport
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
National Assembly Standing Committee
National Committee for International Economic Co-operation
National Committee for Population and Family Planning
Office of the Government
Office of the National Assembly
People' Committee of Ho Chi Minh City
People's Committee of Hanoi
People's Supereme Court
People's Supereme Procuracy
Political Bureau
Prime Minister
Socialist Republic of Vietnam
State Bank
State Bank of Vietnam
State Committee for Co-operation and Investment (SCCI)
State Committee for Ethnic Minorities and Mountainous Areas
State Committee for Planning
State Council
State Securities Commission
The Ethnic Minority Committee
The Judges's Council of the Supreme People's Court
The President
Vietnam Labor General Confederation
Vietnam Social Security
Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee
All fields
Culture - Sports - Tourism
Information - Communications
Agriculture - Forestry
Natural Resources - Environment
Justice
Criminal
Civil law
Marriage and family
Electricity
Bidding - Competition
Appeal - Accuse
Press - Television
Insurance
Emulation - Commendation - Discipline
Administrative border
Commerce - Advertising
Food and drug
Saving - Anti-corruption
National Security
Cadres - Civil Servants
Residence - Population
Immigration
Accounting - Audit
Securities
Navigation
Aquatic products
National defence
Intellectual property
Transport
Administration
Administrative violation
Policy
Enterprise
Organizational structure
Others
Customs
Construction
Science - Technology
Industry
Foreign affairs
Health
Public order
Labor - Salary
Export - Import
Education - Training - Vocational training
Tax - Fee - Charge
Land - Housing
Finance - Banking
Investment
Effect status
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Signers
Abdellatif Ouahbi
Abdelwaheb Abdallah
Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdullah Ali Abdullah Al Yahaya
Abdullah bin Sultan bin Awad Al Nuaimi
Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan
Adisai Bodharamik
Alastair Goodlad
Amaret Sila_on
Amnuay Viravan
Andre Ouellet
Andrew S.Natsisos
Ang Vong Vathana
Anna Lindstedt
Arifin M. Siregar
Au Anh Tuan
B.G (NS) George Yong-Boon Yeo
Bac-ba-ra Su-ma-nop-xka
Bach Thi Minh Huyen
Banh Tien Long
Battsetseg Batmunkh
Be-a-ta Xo-ten-mac
Berkesi Laszlos
Bernard K.Mambe
Bhuvesh Chaturvedi
Brain Cowen
Bui Anh Tuan
Bui Ba Bong
Bui Cach Tuyen
Bui Hong Linh
Bui Hong Minh
Bui Huu Toan
Bui Manh Cuong
Bui Manh Hai
Bui Nguyen Long
Bui Pham Khanh
Bui Quang Vinh
Bui Thanh Son
Bui The Duy
Bui Thi Quynh Van
Bui Thien Ngo
Bui Van Cuong
Bui Van Ga
Bui Van Khang
Bui Van Nam
Bui Van Suong
Bui Xuan Cuong
Bui Xuan Dung
Bui Xuan Khu
Bui Xuan Minh
Bui Xuan Son
Cao Anh Tuan
Cao Duc Phat
Cao Lai Quang
Cao Minh Quang
Cao Quoc Hung
Cao Si Kiem
Cao Viet Sinh
Caryn R. McClelland
Cear V.Purisma
Cecilia Piccioni
Cham Nimul
Cham Pradidh
Cham Prasidh
Chan Sek Keong
Charlotte Laursen
Chau Hue Cam
Chou Vichith
Chu Hao
Chu Ngoc Anh
Chu Pham Ngoc Hien
Chu Tuan Cap
Chu Tuan Nha
Chu Van Nguyen
Chu Van Thinh
Chu Xuan Dung
Commodore(Ns) Teo Chee Hean
Cristian Barros
Cu Ngoc Oanh
Dam Huu Dac
Dam Thi Hoa
Dang cap nhat
Dang Dinh Lam
Dang Dinh Luu
Dang Hanh Thu
Dang Hoang An
Dang Hong Nam
Dang Hung Vo
Dang Huu
Dang Huy Dong
Dang Huynh Mai
Dang Nghiem Chinh
Dang Ngoc Minh
Dang Ngoc Tung
Dang Nhu Loi
Dang Quang Phuong
Dang Quoc Tien
Dang Son Tung
Dang Thanh Binh
Dang Thi Bich Lien
Dang Thi Binh An
Dang Van Tao
Dang Van Tin
Dang Vu Chu
Daniel Tomlinson
Dao Dinh Binh
Dao Hong Lan
Dao Minh Tu
Dao Ngoc Dung
Dao Xuan Hoc
Da-So-Gan-Bon-Do
Dato’ Seri Paduka Haji Kifrawi
DATO’ SRI ONG TEE KEAT
Dick Kling
Diep Kinh Tan
Diep Kinh Tan
Dinh Anh Tuan
Dinh Huu Phi
Dinh La Thang
Dinh Ngoc Thang
Dinh Quang Ngu
Dinh Tien Dung
Dinh Trung Tung
Dinh Van Nha
Dinh Viet Son
Dlamini Zuma
Do Duc Duy
Do Duc Tien
Do Hai Dung
Do Hoang Anh Tuan
Do Huu Hao
Do Ngoc Huynh
Do Nguyen Phuong
Do Nhu Dinh
Do Quang Trung
Do Que Luong
Do Qui Doan
Do Quoc Sam
Do Quy Doan
Do Quy Doan
Do Thang Hai
Do Thanh Binh
Do Thi Xuan Phuong
Do Trung Ta
Do Van Dong
Do Van Sinh
Do Xuan Tuyen
Doan Hoang Minh
Doan Hong Phong
Doan Manh Giao
Doan Mau Diep
Doan Thai Son
Doan Van Viet
Doan Xuan Hung
Doan Xuan Toan
Duong Anh Duc
Duong Duc Tuan
Duong Gia Trien
Duong Quoc Anh
Duong Thu Huong
Duong Tri Dung
Ephraim Ben Matityau
Erik Derycke
Evgeny Shestakov
George Vella
Gia Tan Dinh
Giang Seo Phu
H. A.F.M.O van Mierlo
Ha Cong Tuan
Ha Hung
Ha Hung Cuong
Haike Manning
Hans Winkler
Hirofumi Nakasone
Ho Anh Tuan
Ho Dieu Bang
Ho Duc Phoc
Ho Huan Nghiem
Ho Nghia Dung
Ho Quoc Dung
Ho Te
Ho Thi Kim Thoa
Ho Xuan Hung
Hoang Cong Dung
Hoang Manh Hien
Hoang Minh Duc
Hoang Minh Hao
Hoang Minh Son
Hoang Minh Tuan Anh
Hoang Nghia Mai
Hoang Quoc Vuong
Hoang Quy
Hoang Sy Thanh
Hoang The Lien
Hoang Thi Ha Giang
Hoang Thi Tuyet Hoa
Hoang Trung
Hoang Trung Hai
Hoang Tuan Anh
Hoang Van Huay
Hoang Van Nghien
Hoang Van Phong
Hoang Van Thang
Hoang Viet Cuong
Hoang Vu Thanh
Hon. Robert Debus
HOR Namhong
Hu Cha-Chi
Hua Duc Nhi
Huynh Huu Phuc
Huynh Ngoc Thanh
Huynh Phong Tranh
Huynh Quang Hai
Huynh Thi Nhan
Huynh Vinh Ai
Jack Straw
Jan Vapaavuori
Joaquim Verissimo
John C Tsang
John Sydney Dawkins
Joseisidro N.Camacho
JUSMAN SYAFII DJAMAL
Kham Ouane Boupha
Khong co
Khuat Van Nga
KRASIMIR TSIPOV
Kwon Jong-rak
La Ngoc Khue
Lai Quang Thuc
Lam Thi Phuong Thanh
LASZLO TROCSANYI
Le Anh Tuan
Le Bach Hong
Le Chiem
Le Cong Phung
Le Cong Thanh
Le Danh Vinh
Le Dinh Tho
Le Dinh Tien
Le Doan Hop
Le Duc Anh
Le Duc Luan
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duong Quang
Le Duy Dong
Le Hoa Binh
Le Hoai Trung
Le Hong Anh
Le Hong Hai
Le Hong Nam
Le Hong Nga
Le Hong Son
Le Hung Son
Le Huy Con
Le Huy Ngo
Le Huy Vinh
Le Manh Hung
Le Minh Hoan
Le Minh Hung
Le Minh Huong
Le Minh Khai
Le Minh Ngan
Le Minh Tri
Le Nam Thang
Le Ngoc Hoan
Le Ngoc Trong
Le Quan
Le Quang Cuong
Le Quang Hung
Le Quang Tung
Le Quoc Doanh
Le Quoc Dung
Le Quoc Hung
Le Quoc Khanh
Le Quy Vuong
Le Quy Vuong
Le Tan Can
Le Tan Dung
Le Thanh Do
Le Thanh Liem
Le Thanh Long
Le Thanh Nghi
Le The Tiem
Le Thi Bang Tam
Le Thi Bich Thuan
Le Thi Thu Hang
Le Trung Chinh
Le Van Bang
Le Van Chau
Le Van Khoa
Le Van Tan
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Toan
Le Van Triet
Le Van Truyen
Le Van Tuyen
Le Van Uyen
Le Viet Dung
Le Vinh Tan
Le Vu Hung
Le Xuan Dinh
Le Xuan Trinh
LEANDRO R. MENDOZA
Lee Hsien Long
Lim Hng Kiang
Lim Jock Seng
Lo Thi Nhu
Luong Cuong
Luong Le Phuong
Luong Quoc Dung
Luong Tam Quang
Luong Thi Toi
Luong Van Tu
Luu Chan Dan
Luu Duc Huy
Luu Duc Sau
Luu Duc Tuyen
Luu Manh Tuong
Luu Tran Tieu
Macabangkit Lanto
Mai Ai Truc
Mai Liem Truc
Mai Luong Khoi
Mai Son
Mai Thi Thu Van
Mai Tien Dung
Mai Van Chinh
Mai Van Dau
Mai Xuan Thanh
MAJOR GENERAL THEIN SWE
Manuel M. Dayrit
Marcy Claudio Lopes
Mari Elka Pangestu
Maria Esther Reus Gonzalez
Martin Malvy
Maxim Alexandrovich Travnikov
MICHAEL KEENAN
Michael O. Leavitt
Miguel Angel Moratinos Cuyaube
Miguel Marin Bosch
Mike Penning
Mikulas BEK
Mingkwan Songsuwan
Mohammad Maruf
Muhyiddin Bin Mohammad Yassin
N.Ba-ga-Ban-di
NA-DA MA-LA-GOA-RA-CHI
Nam Viyaketh
Ngo Duy Hieu
Ngo Hai Phan
Ngo The Dan
Ngo Thi Kim Yen
Ngo Thi Minh
Ngo Xuan Hue
Ngo Xuan Lich
Ngo Xuan Loc
Nguen Hoang Tuan
Nguyen An Luong
Nguyen Anh Tuan
Nguyen Ba Hoan
Nguyen Bac Hai
Nguyen Bac Son
Nguyen Bich Dat
Nguyen Cam Tu
Nguyen Cao Luc
Nguyen Chi Dung
Nguyen Cong Binh
Nguyen Cong Dan
Nguyen Cong Nghiep
Nguyen Cong Su
Nguyen Cong Tan
Nguyen Cong Thanh
Nguyen Dai Thanh
Nguyen Dai Tri
Nguyen Danh Huy
Nguyen Danh Thai
Nguyen Dinh Bin
Nguyen Dinh Bong
Nguyen Dinh Khang
Nguyen Dinh Lieu
Nguyen Dinh Loc
Nguyen Dinh Toan
Nguyen Dong Tien
Nguyen Duc Chi
Nguyen Duc Chinh
Nguyen Duc Chung
Nguyen Duc Huy
Nguyen Duc Minh
Nguyen Duc Quang
Nguyen Duc Tam
Nguyen Duong Thai
Nguyen Duy Giang
Nguyen Duy Lam
Nguyen Duy Minh
Nguyen Duy Ngoc
Nguyen Duy Nien
Nguyen Duy Thang
Nguyen Dy Nien
Nguyen Hai Phong
Nguyen Hanh Phuc
Nguyen Hoa Binh
Nguyen Hoang Anh
Nguyen Hoang Hiep
Nguyen Hoang Long
Nguyen Hong Dien
Nguyen Hong Nhi
Nguyen Hong Quan
Nguyen Hong Truong
Nguyen Huu Chi
Nguyen Huu Do
Nguyen Huu Hoai
Nguyen Huu Hung
Nguyen Huu Nghiep
Nguyen Huu Tan
Nguyen Huu Tri
Nguyen Huu Vu
Nguyen Huy Ban
Nguyen Huy Dung
Nguyen Huy Hieu
Nguyen Huy Hoan
Nguyen Huy Luan
Nguyen Huy Tien
Nguyen Huy Tuong
Nguyen Khac Dinh
Nguyen Khanh
Nguyen Khanh Ngoc
Nguyen Khanh Toan
Nguyen Khoa Diem
Nguyen Kim Anh
Nguyen Kim Ly
Nguyen Kim Son
Nguyen Ky Cam
Nguyen Linh Ngoc
Nguyen Loc An
Nguyen Luong Trao
Nguyen Mai
Nguyen Manh Cam
Nguyen Manh Dong
Nguyen Manh Ha
Nguyen Manh Hien
Nguyen Manh Hung
Nguyen Manh Khuong
Nguyen Manh Kiem
Nguyen Minh Hien
Nguyen Minh Hong
Nguyen Minh Quang
Nguyen Minh Thao
Nguyen Minh Thong
Nguyen Minh Triet
Nguyen Minh Tuan
Nguyen Minh Vu
Nguyen Nam Binh
Nguyen Nam Hai
Nguyen Ngoc Bao
Nguyen Ngoc Canh
Nguyen Ngoc Dong
Nguyen Ngoc Hien
Nguyen Ngoc Hong
Nguyen Ngoc Lan
Nguyen Ngoc Phi
Nguyen Ngoc Thien
Nguyen Ngoc Tuan
Nguyen Ngoc Tuc
Nguyen Ngoc Vinh
Nguyen Nhac
Nguyen Nhat
Nguyen Nhat Kha
Nguyen Phu Binh
Nguyen Phu Trong
Nguyen Phuoc Thanh
Nguyen Phuong Nga
Nguyen Quan
Nguyen Quang Dung
Nguyen Quang Ha
Nguyen Quang Huy
Nguyen Que Huong
Nguyen Quoc Dung
Nguyen Quoc Huy
Nguyen Quoc Thanh
Nguyen Quoc Tri
Nguyen Quoc Trieu
Nguyen Sinh Hung
Nguyen Sinh Nhat Tan
Nguyen Son
Nguyen Sy Hiep
Nguyen Tam Chien
Nguyen Tan Dung
Nguyen Tan Trinh
Nguyen Tan Van
Nguyen Thac Giap
Nguyen Thai Binh
Nguyen Thai Duong
Nguyen Thai Lai
Nguyen Thanh
Nguyen Thanh Bien
Nguyen Thanh Cung
Nguyen Thanh Hoa
Nguyen Thanh Hung
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Long
Nguyen Thanh Nghi
Nguyen Thanh Phong
Nguyen Thanh Son
Nguyen Thanh Tinh
Nguyen The Manh
Nguyen The Phuong
Nguyen Thi Bich Ngoc
Nguyen Thi Cuc
Nguyen Thi Ha
Nguyen Thi Hang
Nguyen Thi Hanh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Anh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Lan
Nguyen Thi Hong
Nguyen Thi Hong Minh
Nguyen Thi Huong Lan
Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan
Nguyen Thi Kim Phung
Nguyen Thi Kim Tien
Nguyen Thi Le
Nguyen Thi Le Thanh
Nguyen Thi Lien Huong
Nguyen Thi Minh
Nguyen Thi Minh Nguyet
Nguyen Thi Nghia
Nguyen Thi Phuong Hoa
Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong
Nguyen Thi Thu
Nguyen Thi Thu Phuong
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Xuan Thu
Nguyen Thi Xuyen
Nguyen Thien Luan
Nguyen Thien Nhan
Nguyen Thuy Hien
Nguyen Tien Dinh
Nguyen Tien Dung
Nguyen Tien Hong
Nguyen Tien Sam
Nguyen Tien Trung
Nguyen Tien Truong
Nguyen Toan Thang
Nguyen Tran Nam
Nguyen Tri Thuc
Nguyen Tri Tue
Nguyen Trong Dam
Nguyen Trong Dieu
Nguyen Trong Du
Nguyen Trung Khanh
Nguyen Trung Kien
Nguyen Truong Son
Nguyen Tuong Van
Nguyen Van An
Nguyen Van Binh
Nguyen Van Cam
Nguyen Van Can
Nguyen Van Chi
Nguyen Van Cong
Nguyen Van Dang
Nguyen Van Duc
Nguyen Van Duoc
Nguyen Van Giau
Nguyen Van Hien
Nguyen Van Hieu
Nguyen Van Hoi
Nguyen Van Hong
Nguyen Van Hung
Nguyen Van Huong
Nguyen Van Khai
Nguyen Van Lien
Nguyen Van Long
Nguyen Van Nen
Nguyen Van Nganh
Nguyen Van Ngu
Nguyen Van Phuc
Nguyen Van Phung
Nguyen Van Rinh
Nguyen Van San
Nguyen Van Sanh
Nguyen Van Sinh
Nguyen Van Suu
Nguyen Van Thang
Nguyen Van Thanh
Nguyen Van The
Nguyen Van Tho
Nguyen Van Thuong
Nguyen Van Tien
Nguyen Van Trung
Nguyen Van Tung
Nguyen Van Vinh Chau
Nguyen Van Vong
Nguyen Vi Ninh
Nguyen Viet Hung
Nguyen Viet Thang
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Vinh Hien
Nguyen Xuan Chuan
Nguyen Xuan Cuong
Nguyen Xuan Duong
Nguyen Xuan Phuc
Nguyen Xuan Quang
Nguyen Xuan Sang
Nguyen Xuan Thanh
Nguyen Xuan Thao
Nguyen Xuan Thuy
Nicola Louise Roxon
Nong Duc Manh
Nong Phi Quang
Obaid Humaid Al Tayer
Oldemiro Julio Marques Baloi
Olga Algajerova
OsMan Giines
Pan Sorasak
Patrizia Toia
Paula Lehtomaki
Pedro Mejia Gomez
PEHIN DATO ABU BAKAR APONG
Peter B.Favila
Peter D. Garrucho
Peter Ricketts
Peter Szijjarto
Pham Binh Minh
Pham Cong Tac
Pham Duc Long
Pham Duy Anh
Pham Duy Khuong
Pham Gia Khiem
Pham Gia Tuc
Pham Hoang Duc
Pham Hong Giang
Pham Hong Ha
Pham Hong Hai
Pham Khoi Nguyen
Pham Le Tuan
Pham Manh Hung
Pham Manh Thang
Pham Minh Chinh
Pham Minh Ha
Pham Minh Huan
Pham Ngac
Pham Ngoc Thuong
Pham Quang Dung
Pham Quang Nghi
Pham Quang Ngoc
Pham Quang Tuyen
Pham Quang Vinh
Pham Quoc Anh
Pham Quoc Hung
Pham Quy Ngo
Pham Quy Tieu
Pham Quy Ty
Pham Si Chien
Pham Si Danh
Pham Sy Chung
Pham Sy Danh
Pham Thanh Binh
Pham Thanh Ha
Pham The Minh
Pham Thi Hai Chuyen
Pham Thi Thanh Tra
Pham Tien Dung
Pham Van Dinh
Pham Van Hau
Pham Van Huyen
Pham Van Khanh
Pham Van Phuong
Pham Van Tra
Pham Van Trong
Pham Vu Luan
Pham Xuan Tien
Phan Chi Hieu
Phan Khac Hai
Phan Quang Trung
Phan Tam
Phan Thai Dung
Phan The Rue
Phan Thi My Linh
Phan Thi Thang
Phan Tien Lan
Phan Trung Kien
Phan Van Anh
Phan Van Da
Phan Van Dinh
Phan Van Giang
Phan Van Khai
Phan Van Mai
Phan Van Men
Phan Van Tiem
Phan Van Trong
Phi Dang Minh
Phi Van Tuan
Pho-do-ri-co Gon-xa-let Phran-co
Phung Duc Tien
Phung Khac Ke
Phung Ngoc Hung
Phung Quang Thanh
Phung Xuan Nha
Phuong Huu Oanh
Pierre.S.Pettigrew
Pirapan Salirathavibhaga
Pra-Chuop Chai-Ya-San
Quach Dang Hoa
Rafael Catala Polo
Rafidah Aziz
Rashid Tussupbekov
RAYMOND LIM
Rini M.S. Soewandi
Rizalino S. Navarro
ROBERT PELIKAN
Ryszard Michalski
Saadi Salama
Sergey Lavrov
SOMMAD PHOLSENA
SOPHON ZARAM
Soulivong Daravong
SUSHILKUMAR SHINDE
T. Ariwibowo
Ta Anh Tuan
Ta Ca
Ta Manh Hung
Ta Quang Dong
Ta Quang Khanh
Ta Quang Ngoc
Ta Quoc Trung
Ta Thi Phuong Lan
Tan Sri Abdul Gani Patail
Tang Chi Thuong
Tao Huu Phung
TAUCH CHANKOSAL
Tea Varak
Thai Van Tai
Tharman Shanmugaratnam
Thi Van Tam
Thongbanh Sengaphone
Tibor Navracsics
To Anh Dung
To Lam
To Tu Ha
Tong Anh Hao
Tong Thi Minh
Tong Van Nga
Toshiko Abe
Tran Anh Tuan
Tran Chi Dao
Tran Chi Liem
Tran Chien Thang
Tran Cong Phan
Tran Dai Quang
Tran Dinh Duy
Tran Dinh Hoan
Tran Dinh Khoa
Tran Dinh Lieu
Tran Doan Tho
Tran Duc Lai
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Dung Ha
Tran Duy Dong
Tran Hanh
Tran Hiep Hung
Tran Hong Ha
Tran Lum
Tran Luu Quang
Tran Minh Phuc
Tran Minh Tuan
Tran Ngoc Binh
Tran Ngoc Liem
Tran Ngoc Thien
Tran Quan
Tran Quang Bao
Tran Quang Lam
Tran Quang Quy
Tran Quoc Khanh
Tran Quoc Phuong
Tran Quoc Thang
Tran Quy Kien
Tran Thanh Hai
Tran Thanh Man
Tran Thanh Nam
Tran The Ngoc
Tran Thi Thanh Binh
Tran Thi Thanh Thanh
Tran Thi Trung Chien
Tran Thu
Tran Tien Dung
Tran Tuan Anh
Tran Van Chung
Tran Van Dang
Tran Van Dung
Tran Van Hieu
Tran Van Son
Tran Van Ta
Tran Van Thuan
Tran Van Truyen
Tran Van Tu
Tran Van Tuan
Tran Van Tung
Tran Viet Tan
Tran Viet Thanh
Tran Vinh Tuyen
Tran Xuan Gia
Tran Xuan Ha
Trieu Van Be
Trinh Dinh Dung
Trinh Hong Duong
Trinh Quan Huan
Trinh Thi Thuy
Trinh To Tam
Trinh Xuan Truong
Truong Chi Trung
Truong Chinh
Truong Dinh Tuyen
Truong Hoa Binh
Truong Minh Tuan
Truong Quang Nghia
Truong Quoc Cuong
Truong Tan Sang
Truong Tan Vien
Truong Thanh Hoai
Truong Thi Mai
Truong Van Doan
Truong Vinh Trong
Ts. Hamid Awaludin
TSEND NYAMDORJ
U Khin Maung Win
U Soe Tha
Uong Chu Luu
Van Trong Ly
Vilay LAKHAMPHONG
Vince Henderson
Vitezslav Grepl
Vo Chi Cong
Vo Hong Phuc
Vo Minh Luong
Vo Thai Hoa
Vo Thanh Hung
Vo Tuan Nhan
Vo Van Hoan
Vo Van Hung
Vo Van Kiet
Vo Van Minh
Vo Van Thuong
Vu Bang
Vu Cao Cuong
Vu Chien Thang
Vu Duc Dam
Vu Dung
Vu Hai Quan
Vu Hai San
Vu Hong Khanh
Vu Hong Nam
Vu Hong Thuan
Vu Huy Hoang
Vu Khac Lien
Vu Khoan
Vu Le Quan
Vu Manh Ha
Vu Mong Giao
Vu Ngoc Anh
Vu Thi Lien
Vu Thi Mai
Vu Trong Hong
Vu Tuan Canh
Vu Tuan Cuong
Vu Van Ninh
Vu Van Tam
Vu Van Truong
Vuong Dinh Hue
Vy Trong Toan
Watana Muangsook
Yahya AKKURT
Yeo Cheow Tong
Yoon Young – Kwan
Yoriko Kawaguchi
Yrou Young - Kwan
Yury Nazaranka
Zafar Sh. Ruziev
Zdravko Marie
Zhakyp Assanov
Ziradin Jovanovic
Translation types
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
Summary
Content
Status
Vietnamese
Related documents
Diagram
Download
Bilingual Text
Please
log in
to your
Advanced Package
to view the full text. Do not have an account yet?
Register here
.
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Print
Share:
Text mode:
Light
|
Dark
Font size:
Send link to email
Send
Error message
Decree No. 17/2012/ND-CP dated March 13, 2012 of the Government detailing and guiding the implementation of a number of articles of the Law on independent audit
* Required information
Email
*
Content
*
Send
ATTRIBUTE
Decree No. 17/2012/ND-CP dated March 13, 2012 of the Government detailing and guiding the implementation of a number of articles of the Law on independent audit
Issuing body:
Government
Effective date:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Official number:
17/2012/ND-CP
Signer:
Nguyen Tan Dung
Type:
Decree
Expiry date:
Updating
Issuing date:
13/03/2012
Effect status:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Fields:
Accounting - Audit
SUMMARY
THE LEGAL CAPITAL FOR AUDIT FIRMS INCREASES BY VND 2 BILLION
On March 13, 2012, the Government issued the Decree No. 17/2012/ND-CP detailing and guiding the implementation of a number of articles of the law on independent audit.
Accordingly, as from January 01, 2015, the legal capital for the Limited liability company shall be five billion Vietnamese dong, increases by two billion Vietnamese dong as compared with the current regulations.
Under this Decree, the auditing limited liability company must have at least 02 limited partners who are auditors having registered for their auditing practice in the company. Capital contributed by practicing auditors must account for over 50% of the company’s charter capital. The practicing auditor shall not be permitted to be the member of two or more audit firms at the same time.
This Decree shall take effect as from May 01, 2012.
For more details,
click here.
Download files
here.
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
Effect status:
Known
The Effect status of this document is known.This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to view Effect status. Don’t have an account?
Register here
THE GOVERNMENT
--------
SOCIALIST
REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Independence - Freedom - Happiness
----------------
No: 17/2012/ND-CP
Hanoi
, March 13, 2012
DECREE
DETAILING AND GUIDING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF A NUMBER OF ARTICLES OF THE LAW ON INDEPENDENT AUDIT
Pursuant to the Law on the organization of the Government of December 25, 2011;
Pursuant to the Law on independent audit of March 29, 2011;
At the proposal of the Minister of Finance;
The Government promulgates this Decree detailing and guiding the implementation of a number of articles of the Law on independent audit,
Chapter 1.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Article 1. Scope of regulation
This Decree details and guides the implementation of a number of articles of the Law on independent audit on audit professional organizations; audit firms; providing audit services across the border; audited entities; audit reports and archiving, use and destruction of audit dossiers.
Article 2. Subjects of application
This Decree is applicable to auditors, practicing auditors, audit firms, branches of foreign audit firms, foreign audit firms providing audit service across border in Vietnam, audited entities, audit professional organizations and other organizations and individuals related to activities of independent audit.
Article 3. Interpretation of terms
In this Decree, the following terms shall be defined as follows:
1.
Audit firms in Vietnam
: means a firm which is established and operating under provisions of Vietnamese law, fully meeting conditions of audit service business as stipulated and is granted the Certificate of satisfaction of auditing business conditions by the Ministry of Finance.
2.
Person in charge of management and administration:
includes owner, director of private enterprises, member of partnership, chairman of the Members’ Council, president of the company, chairman of the Management Board, member of the Management Board, member of Members’ Council, director or general director, vice director or vice general director; branch director, branch vice director of audit firms and other managerial positions stipulated in the charter or equivalent documents of enterprises and organizations.
3.
Providing of auditing service across the border
: means providing of auditing service by audit firms in one country for enterprises and organizations in another country.
Chapter 2.
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS
ITEM 1. AUDIT PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZATIONS
Article 4. Audit professional organizations
1. Audit professional organizations are socio-professional organizations of auditors, practicing auditors and audit firms in the whole country.
2. Audit professional organizations are entitled to:
a) To foster knowledge for auditors and practicing auditors;
b) To research, draft, update the system of Vietnamese auditing standards on basic of the standard system of international auditing in compliance with the process of building up, promulgating and publishing the Vietnamese audit standards, to submit to the Minister of Finance for issuance;
c) To participate in operation examinations for auditors;
d) To coordinate with the Ministry of Finance for examination and control in auditing service quality.
3. The Ministry of Finance stipulates in detail the conditions, modes, regime of reporting and supervision, examination and inspection in activities of audit professional organizations as stipulated in Clause 2 of this Article.
ITEM 2. AUDIT FIRMS
Article 5. Legal capital for the Limited Liability Company
1. Legal capital for the Limited liability company shall be 3 (three) billion Vietnamese dong; as from January 01, 2015, the legal capital shall be 5 (five) billion Vietnamese dong.
2. During its operation, the limited liability company must keep the equity in balance sheet not less than the legal capital as stipulated in Clause 1 of this Article. The audit firm must supplement its capital if the equity in balance sheet is less than the legal capital as stipulated in Clause 1 of this Article in the period of 03 (three) months as from the end date of the fiscal year.
Article 6. The member of limited liability company with two or more members in case such member is an organization
1. The member being an organization are entitled to contribute at maximum 35% of the charter capital of the audit limit liability company with two or more members. In case there are many organizations contributing in capital, the total capital contributed by these organizations shall be at maximum 35% of the charter capital of the limited liability company with two or more members.
2. The member being an organization shall appoint one person as its representative in the Members’ Council. The representative of member being an organization must be an auditor and register for auditing practice in the audit firm to which the organization contributes its capital.
3. A practicing auditor who is representative of member being an organization shall not permitted to contribute capital to such audit firm with individual status.
Article 7. The level of capital contribution of a practicing auditor
1. The auditing limited liability company must have at least 02 (two) limited partners who are auditors having registered for their auditing practice in the company. Capital contributed by practicing auditors must account for over 50% of the company’s charter capital.
2. The practicing auditor shall not permited to be the member of two or more audit firms at the same time.
Article 8. The minimum capital for foreign audit firms establishing branches in Vietnam and the allocated capital of branches of foreign audit firms in Vietnam.
1. The foreign audit firm which requesting for granting of the Certificate of satisfaction of auditing business conditions to its branches in Vietnam must have the equity in balance sheet being at least equal to 500,000 (five hundred thousand) US dollars at the time point of ending the fiscal year nearest time point of requesting.
2. Allocated capital of the branch of foreign audit firms in Vietnam must not be less than the legal capital applicable to the limited liability company stated in Article 5 of this Decree.
3. During its operation, the foreign audit firm must keep the equity in the balance sheet and the allocated capital of its branch in Vietnam not less than the capital stipulated in Clause 1 of this Article. The foreign audit firm, branches of the foreign audit firm must supplement their capital if their equity in balance sheet is lower than the capital levels stipulated in Clause 1 and Clause 2 of this Article in the period of 03 (three) month as from the end date of the fiscal year.
Article 9. Cases where the audit firms and branches of foreign audit firms in Vietnam are not entitled to audit
Cases where audit firms and branches of foreign audit firms in Vietnam are not entitled to perform audit as stipulated in Article 30 of the Law on independent audit shall be guided in detail as follows:
1. Audit firms, branches of foreign audit firms in Vietnam who are performing or performed in the preceding year one of the following services for audited entities:
a) Recording in Accounting Book, making financial statements;
b) Performance of internal audit service;
c) Designing and implementation procedures of internal control;
d) Other services which affect the independence of practicing auditors and audit firms, branches of foreign audit firms in Vietnam in accordance with provisions of professional ethics standards of accounting and auditing.
2. Members participating in the audit, persons in charge of management and administration
, members of the Control Board, chief accountants (or person
in charge of accounting
) of the audit firms and branches of the foreign audit firms in Vietnam are members, founding shareholders or holding shares, contributing capital into the audited entities or having other economic, financial relations with the audited entities in accordance with provisions of professional ethical standards of accounting and auditing
.
3. Persons in charge of management and administration, members of the Control Board, chief accountants (or person in charge of accounting) of the audit firm, branches of the foreign audit firm in Vietnam have parents, spouse, children, siblings being members, founding shareholders or holding shares, contributing capital and holding from 20% or more of voting rights of the audited entity or being persons in charge of management, administration, members of the Control Board, inspectors, chief accounts (or person in charge of accounting) in the audited unit.
4. Persons in charge of management, administration, members of the Control Board, inspectors, chief accounts (or person in charge of accounting) of the audited entity are also persons who contribute capital and hold from 20% or more of voting rights toward the audit firms, branches of the foreign audit firms in Vietnam.
5. The audit firms, branches of the foreign audit firms in Vietnam and audited entities have the following relationships:
a) Having the same an individual or enterprise, organization, who are founding members or involve in the foundation;
b) Together being directly or indirectly administered, controlled, contributed capital in all forms by a third party;
c) Being administered or controlled personnel, finance and business activities by by the individuals belong to the following relationships: husband and wife, parents and children (regardless of natural or adopted children, daughter-in-law or son-in-law); brothers and sisters of the same father and mother (regardless of natural or adoptive father or mother); paternal grandparents and grandchildren; maternal grandparents and grandchildren; natural uncle, aunt and nephew or niece;
d) Having contractual business cooperation agreement;
e) Being companies or legal entities in the same network in accordance with provisions of auditing standards.
6. The audited entity performed in the preceding year or is performing audit of financial statements or other auditing services for the audit firms, branches of the foreign audit firms in Vietnam.
7. The audited entity is organization contributing capital to the audit firm; the audited entity is the parent company, subsidiary company, associated company, joint venture company, superior unit, subordinate unit, company in the same conglomerate of organization contributing capital to the audit firm.
8. The audit firm directly or indirectly participates in management, control and capital contribution in all forms into the audited entity.
9. Other cases in accordance with provisions of professional ethics standards of accounting and auditing and provisions of law.
ITEM 3. PROVIDING AUDITING SERVICE ACROSS BORDER OF FOREIGN AUDIT FIRMS
Article 10. Subjects of providing the auditing service across border
Subjects of providing the auditing service across border
for enterprises and organizations in Vietnam are audit firms having nationality of nation being member of the Word Trade Organization or nation having entered into a treaty with Vietnam on providing the auditing service across border.
Article 11. Conditions of providing the auditing service across border
1. The foreign audit firm fully meeting the following conditions shall be registered of providing the auditing service across border:
a) Being entitled to provide independent auditing service in accordance with the law of the country where the head office of the foreign audit firm is located;
b) Obtaining the written document from the auditing practice management agency (the state management agency on independent auditing or a professional organization) in the place where the head office of the foreign audit firm is located to permit providing the auditing service across border in Vietnam and verifying it not violating of independent auditing provisions and other provisions of law of the foreign country in 3 consecutive years preceeding the year of application for license of providing the auditing service across border.
c) Having at least 5 (five) auditors who have obtained certificates of auditing practice from the Ministry of Finance, including the legal representative;
d) Having the equity in balance sheet equivalent to 500,000 (five hundred thousand) US dollars in the end of the fiscal year preceding the year when the audit firm provides auditing service across border in Vietnam;
dd) Having bought professional indemnity insurance for auditors practicing in Vietnam;
e). Having a compulsory deposit equal to the legal capital as stipulated in clause 1, article 5 of this Decree in a commercial bank legally operating in Vietnam and having a letter of guarantee from this bank in which the bank undertakes to settle the payment in cases where liabilities incurred from contracts of providing auditing service across border in Vietnam exceed the amount of compulsory deposit;
g) Fully performing reporting and other obligations as stipulated in Article 13 of this Decree.
2. The foreign audit firm is only entitled to provide auditing services across border in Vietnam after having done its registration and obtained the certificate of satisfaction of business conditions of auditing service across border in Vietnam. The mode of providing auditing service across border must implement in according to provisions in Article 12 of this Decree.
3. The audit firm must maintain conditions stipulated in Clause 1 of this Article during the limit time of Certificate of satisfaction of business conditions of auditing service across border in Vietnam. In case one of these conditions is not fulfilled, the foreign audit firm is responsible for reporting to the Ministry of Finance during a period of 20 days since the day of not-satisfying fully conditions as prescribed.
Article 12. Mode of providing auditing service across border
1. The foreign audit firm when provides auditing service across border in Vietnam must establish a partnership with a Vietnamese audit firm who is eligible to provide auditing service in accordance with provisions of law.
2. Only audit firms who satisfy all conditions for auditing business as stipulated in Article 21 of the Law on independent auditing and in this Decree, having obtained the Certificate of satisfaction of auditing business conditions, may be allowed to joint venture with the foreign audit firms to provide auditing service across border.
3. The foreign audit firm, Vietnamese audit firms who establish partnerships with foreign audit firms to provide auditing service across border and the audited entity must enter into an auditing contract in accordance with the law of Vietnam. The auditing contract must be fully signed by legal representatives of the foreign audit firm, Vietnamese audit firm and the audited entity.
4. The foreign audit firm and the Vietnamese audit firm must enter in a partnership contract on providing auditing service across border. The partnership contract must define clearly responsibilities of the foreign audit firm and the Vietnamese audit firm in providing auditing service across border.
5. The foreign audit firm and the Vietnamese audit firm which entering in an auditing partnership contract must appoint a practicing auditor to undertake the auditing work parts that belongs to the responsibility of each firm stated in the auditing contract.
6. The auditing report must be signed by legal representative of the foreign audit firm, the Vietnamese audit firm and practicing auditors who undertake the auditing work parts that belongs to the responsibility of each firm stated in the auditing contract.
7. The auditing contract, the partnership contract, auditing dossiers and auditing reports must be made in both Vietnamese and English.
8. All payment and transfer transactions related to providing auditing service across border must be carried out in bank transfer way via a licensed credit institution in compliance with Vietnamese regulations on foreign exchange control.
Article 13. Responsibilities of foreign audit firms in providing of auditing service across border
1. Arranging personnel with appropriate professional qualifications to ensure quality of auditing service. Complying with provisions on strictly prohibited acts, cases restricted performance of auditing service applicable to practicing auditors and audit firms and other relative provisions stated in Vietnamese Law on independent audit.
2. Complying with Vietnamese auditing standards upon carryng out providing auditing service across border in Vietnam.
3. Paying taxes and conducting other financial obligations related to providing auditing service across border in accordance with the current law on tax of Vietnam.
4. Report to the Ministry of Finance, every 6 months, on implementation situation of the contract of providing auditing service across border arising in the report period in Vietnam. The report form shall be provided by the Ministry of Finance.
5. Appoint a responsible person on behalf of the reporting firm to explain to Vietnamese functional agencies of auditing contracts, auditing dossiers, auditing reports and other issues related to providing of auditing service across border in Vietnam.
6. Submit the annual financial report to the Ministry of Finance which has been audited and attached audit report of an independent auditing organization and a written comment of the auditing practice management agency in the place where the head office of the firm is located on the firm’s implementation situation of provisions of law on auditing activities and other provisions of law in time limit of 120 days as from the ending date of the fiscal year.
7. Perform rights and obligations of the audit firm stipulated in Article 28 and Article 29 and comply with other provisions related to provisions of Vietnamese law on independent auditing.
Article 14. Responsibilities of Vietnam audit firms who are partnership of foreign audit firms in providing auditing service across border
1. Archiving all auditing documents in the audit which the partnership has performed in order to provide for functional agencies upon being requested.
2. Taking responsibility before law for the audit result. To take responsibility for explanation of auditing reports, auditing dossiers and other arising issues of the audit which having done by a partnership with foreign audit firm to functional agencies.
3. Report to the Ministry of Finance, every 6 months, on implementation situation of the partnership with the foreign auditing firm in providing auditing service across border arising in the report period. The report form shall be provided by the Ministry of Finance.
4. Being subject to the annual auditing quality control as stipulated by the Ministry of Finance.
ITEM 4. AUDITTED ENTITIES
Article 15. Audited entities
1. Enterprises and organizations whose annual financial statements, as prescribed by law, must be audited by the audit firm, branches of the foreign audit firm in Vietnam, include:
a) Enterprises with foreign owned capital;
b) Credit institutions which are established and operating under the Law on credit institutions, including branches of foreign banks in Vietnam;
c) Financial organizations, insurance companies, reinsurance companies, insurance brokerage companies, branches of foreign non life insurance companies.
d) Public companies, securities issuing organizations and securities trading organizations.
2. Other enterprises and organizations are subjects of compulsory auditing under relevant provisions of law.
3. Enterprises and organizations subject to audit by the audit firm and branches of foreign audit firms including:
a) State enterprises, except those operating in the field of st
ate secrets as prescribed by law, must be audited for the annual financial statements
;
b) Enterprises, organizations implementing the national important projects, group-A projects using state funds, except for the projects in the field of state secrets as prescribed by law, must be audited for the settlement report of project completion;
c) Enterprises and organizations with 20% or more of the voting rights held by state groups, state corporations in the end of the fiscal year must be audited for annual financial statements;
d
) Enterprises with 20% or more of the voting rights held by securities listing, issuing and trading organizations at the end of the fiscal year must be audited for annual financial statements;
e) The audit firm, branches of foreign audit firms in Vietnam must be audited for annual financial statements.
4. Enterprises and organizations subject to the audit of annual financial statements as stipulated in Clause 1 and Clause 2 of this Article, if as prescribed by law, must make the consolidated or comprehensive financial statements must implement audit for consolidated or general financial statements.
5. The audit of financial statements and settlement reports
of project completion
applicable to enterprises and organizations as stipulated in point a and b Clause 2 of this Article shall not substitute the audit by State Audit.
6. Other enterprises and organizations which are voluntary to be audited.
ITEM 5. AUDIT REPORTS
Article 16. Audit reports
1. The audit report on financial statements and the audit report on other audited works applicable to the subjects of compulsory audit under law shall be made in accordance with Vietnamese auditing standards.
2. Practicing auditors are not allowed to sign audit reports for an audited entity for more than three (3) consecutive years.
Article 17. Explanations of exclusion contents in the audit report
1. The competent state management agencies in each relevant field is entitled to request the audit firms, branches of the foreign audit firms in Vietnam, the foreign audit firms who provides auditing service across border and the audited entities to explain directly or in writing for exclusion contents in the audit report.
2. The President, Management Board, Members’ Council of audited entities are entitled to request the audit firm, branches of the audit firm in Vietnam, foreign audit firms who provide auditing service through border gate to explain directly or in writing exclusion contents in the audit report.
3. As having request of subjects stipulated in Clause 1 and Clause 2 of this Article, the audit firms, branches of the foreign audit firms in Vietnam and the foreign audit firms who provide audit service across border are responsible for explaining directly or in writing.
ITEM 6. ARCHIVE, USE AND DESTRUCTION OF AUDIT DOSSIERS
Article 18. Archiving of audit dossiers
1. The audit firms, branches of the foreign audit firms in Vietnam must design and implement policies and procedures to maintain confidentiality, safety, entirety, accessibility and recoverability of audit dossiers in accordance with provisions on accounting standards.
2. Audit dossiers may be archived in form of papers or electronic data.
3. The audit firms, branches of the foreign audit firms in Vietnam must design and implement policies and procedures on archiving of audit dossiers in the time limit of at least 10 years as from the date of issuance of audit reports in accordance with provisions on accounting standards.
Article 19. Exploitation and use of audit dossiers
Exploitation and usage of audit dossiers are only allowed in the following cases:
1. According to decision of the competent person of the audit firm, branch of the foreign audit firm in Vietnam on the base of ensure confidentiality obligations as stipulated in Article 43 of the Law on independent audit.
2. As requested by the People’s Court, People’s Procuracy, investigation agencies, inspection agencies, the State Audit, the Ministry of Finance and other agencies and organizations in accordance with provisions of law.
3. As having request inspection of audit quality; settlement of disputes, conflicts arising from audit activities and other requests in accordance with provisions of law.
Article 20. Destruction of audit dossiers
1. Audit dossiers which have gone beyond the archiving time limit, and if there is no otherwise decision by the competent state agencies shall be destroyed according to decision of the legal representative of the audit firm or branch directors of the foreign audit firm in Vietnam.
2. Each audit firm, branch of the foreign audit firm have to destruct its own audit dossiers.
3. Audit dossiers archived in the form of papers shall be destroyed by burning, cutting or shredding by machine or other ways, however, must ensure that information and data contained in destroyed audit dossiers can not be put in use again
4. Audit dossiers archived in the form of electronic date shall be destroyed in compliance with relevant laws.
5. Procedure for destroying audit documents:
a) The legal representative of the audit firm and branch director of the foreign audit firm in Vietnam shall decide on founding “the Council for Destruction of Expired Audit Dossiers”. The Council includes: the head of the audit firm or branch director of the foreign audit firm in Vietnam, representatives of the archive department and representatives of specialized departments;
b) The Council for Destruction of Expired Audit Dossiers shall carry out inventory, assessment and classification for each type of audit dossiers, set up a List of destroyed audit dossiers” and “Minute of destruction of expired audit dossiers”;
c) “The minute of destruction of expired audit dossiers” must be set up right after destruction of audit dossiers and must clearly define the following contents: types of destructed audit dossiers, conclusion and signatures of members of the Destruction Council.
Article 21. Archiving, exploitation and use of electronic audit dossiers and the documents and dossiers, documents of other services
1. Audit dossiers being archived in electronic data are cassettes and discs …must be arranged by time order and preserved with fully technical conditions to oppose the degeneration of electronic documents and oppose situation of the illegal information access from outside.
2. In cases where the audit dossiers are archived in electronic data in special equipments, information reading equipments must be stored suitablelly to ensure exploitation well when necessary.
3. Archiving, exploitation, use and destruction of audit dossiers in electronic data shall implement in accordance with provisions in Article 18, 19 and 20 of this Decree.
4. Elaboration, preservation, archiving, destruction and exploitation, use of documents and dossiers on other services as stipulated in Point b Clause 1 Article 40 of the Law on independent audit shall be made similar to audit dossiers defined in Article 18, 19, 20 and Clause 1, Clause 2 Article 21 of this Decree.
Chapter 3.
ORGANIZATION OF IMPLEMENTATION
Article 22. Transitional provisions
In the time limit of 02 (two) years, as from the effective date of the Law on independent audit, the audit firm providing audit service prior to the effective date of the Law on independent audit shall meet the conditions as prescribed in the Law on independent audit and in this Decree to be granted the Certificate of satisfaction of auditing business conditions.
Before 30 days as from the expiry date of the two-year transitional time limit, the audit firm must submit its application dossier to the Ministry of Finance for issuance of the Certificate of satisfaction of auditing business conditions as prescribed by the Law on independent audit and guiding documents.
Article 23. Effect of implementation
This Decree shall take effect as from May 01, 2012.
Article 24. Responsibility for implementation
Minister of Finance is responsible for guiding the implementation of this Decree; Ministers, heads of ministry-level agencies, heads of governmental agencies, presidents of the provincial/municipal People’s Committee shall implement this Decree./.
ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERMENT
PRIME MINISTER
Nguyen Tan Dung
This feature is available to
English
or
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Processing, please wait...
You are not logged in.
This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to access detailed information on Related documents.
If you do not have an account, please
register here!
Processing, please wait...
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
VIETNAMESE DOCUMENTS
Decree 17/2012/NĐ-CP PDF (Original)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Decree 17/2012/NĐ-CP (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Decree 17/2012/NĐ-CP ZIP (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
ENGLISH DOCUMENTS
Others
Decree 17/2012/NĐ-CP (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
* Note:
To view documents downloaded from LuatVietnam.vn, please install DOC, DOCX and PDF file readers
For further support, please call
19006192
Circular 100/2026/TT-BTC repealing 06 Circulars issued by Minister of Finance
Decree 278/2026/ND-CP amend Decree 72/2025/ND-CP on mechanism and time frame for adjusting the average electricity retail price
Circular 30/2026/TT-BYT contents of nutrition facts labels and method of nutrition facts labeling of food
Circular 32/2026/TT-NHNN provision of loans by credit institutions and foreign bank branches for offshore investment
Circular 56/2026/TT-BXD working time and rest time for workers performing jobs of special characteristics at sea
Log in
Register
Remember
Forgot password
Log in
Or log in via
* Required information
Username
Email
*
Password
*
Confirm Password
*
I agree to the
Terms & Conditions
and
Personal Data Protection Policy
of LuatVietnam
Register
Forgot password
Enter your account name to recover your password.
Send
Select folder
+ Add folder
Save
Back
Add folder
Bilingual Text
Nội dung tham chiếu