Source: https://wipolex-res.wipo.int/edocs/lexdocs/laws/en/vn/vn054en.html
Downloaded: 2026-07-21 12:29
Content-Length: 410292 chars
============================================================

Law No. 15/2012/QH13 of June 20, 2012, on Handling Administrative Violations, Viet Nam, WIPO Lex
About Intellectual Property
IP Training
Respect for IP
IP Outreach
IP for…
IP and...
IP in...
Patent & Technology Information
Trademark Information
Design Information
Geographical Indication Information
Plant Variety Information (UPOV)
IP Laws, Treaties & Judgments
IP Resources
IP Reports
Patent Protection
Trademark Protection
Design Protection
Geographical Indication Protection
Plant Variety Protection (UPOV)
IP Dispute Resolution
IP Office Business Solutions
Paying for IP Services
Negotiation & Decision-Making
IP Cooperation
Innovation Support
Public-Private Partnerships
AI Tools & Services
The Organization
Working at WIPO
Accountability
Patents
Trademarks
Designs
Geographical Indications
Copyright
Trade Secrets
Future of IP
WIPO Academy
Workshops & Seminars
IP Enforcement
WIPO ALERT
Raising Awareness
World IP Day
WIPO Magazine
Case Studies & Success Stories
IP News
WIPO Awards
Business
Women
Universities
Indigenous Peoples
Judiciaries
Youth
Examiners
Innovation Ecosystems
Economics
Finance
Intangible Assets
Global Health
Climate Change
Competition Policy
Sustainable Development Goals
Genetic Resources, Traditional Knowledge and Traditional Cultural Expressions
Frontier Technologies
Mobile Applications
Sports
Tourism
Music
Fashion
PATENTSCOPE
Patent Analytics
International Patent Classification
ARDI – Research for Innovation
ASPI – Specialized Patent Information
Global Brand Database
Madrid Monitor
Article 6ter Express Database
Nice Classification
Vienna Classification
Global Design Database
International Designs Bulletin
Hague Express Database
Locarno Classification
Lisbon Express Database
Global Brand Database for GIs
PLUTO Plant Variety Database
GENIE Database
WIPO-Administered Treaties
WIPO Lex - IP Laws, Treaties & Judgments
WIPO Standards
IP Statistics
WIPO Pearl (Terminology)
WIPO Publications
Country IP Profiles
WIPO Knowledge Center
World Intangible Investment Highlights
WIPO Technology Trends
Global Innovation Index
World Intellectual Property Report
PCT – The International Patent System
ePCT
Budapest – The International Microorganism Deposit System
Madrid – The International Trademark System
eMadrid
Article 6ter (armorial bearings, flags, state emblems)
Hague – The International Design System
eHague
Lisbon – The International System of Appellations of Origin and Geographical Indications
eLisbon
UPOV PRISMA
Mediation
Arbitration
Expert Determination
Domain Name Disputes
Centralized Access to Search and Examination (CASE)
Digital Access Service (DAS)
WIPO Pay
Current Account at WIPO
WIPO Assemblies
Standing Committees
Calendar of Meetings
WIPO Webcast
WIPO Official Documents
Development Agenda
Tailored Initiatives & Projects
Collaborative Forums & Dialogues
Innovation, Creativity and Development Acceleration Program
IP for Impact
National IP Strategies
Cooperation Hub
Technology and Innovation Support Centers (TISC)
Technology Transfer
Inventor Assistance Program
WIPO GREEN
WIPO's Pat-INFORMED
Accessible Books Consortium
WIPO for Creators
WIPO Translate
Speech-to-Text
Classification Assistant
Member States
Observers
Director General
Activities by Unit
External Offices
Staff Positions
Affiliated Personnel Positions
Procurement
Results & Budget
Financial Reporting
Oversight
Arabic
English
Spanish
French
Russian
Chinese
Laws
Treaties
Judgments
Browse By Jurisdiction
Law No. 15/2012/QH13 of June 20, 2012, on Handling Administrative Violations,
Viet Nam
Back
Latest Version in WIPO Lex
Details
Details
Year of Version
2014
Dates
Adopted:
June 20, 2012
Type of Text
Framework Laws
Subject Matter
Enforcement of IP and Related Laws
Subject Matter (secondary)
Other
Notes
Article 141(1) of the sixth part of Law No. 15/2012/QH13 on Handling Administrative Violations states that 'This Law takes effect on July 1, 2013; except for provisions relating to application of administrative handling measures which was considered and decided by People’s Court shall take effect on January 1, 2014.'
Available Materials
Main Text(s)
Related Text(s)
Main text(s)
Main text(s)
Vietnamese
Luật Xử Lý Vi Phạm Hành Chính (Luật số: 15/2012/QH13, ngày 20 tháng 6 năm 2012)
English
Law No. 15/2012/QH13 of June 20, 2012, on Handling Administrative Violations
Open PDF
open_in_new
Law No. 15/2012/QH13 of June 20, 2012, on Handling Administrative Violations
﻿ Ordinance No. 15/2012/QH13 on Handling Administrative Violations
THE NATIONAL SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIET NAM ASSEMBLY Independence - Freedom - Happiness
-------- ---------------
Law No.: 15/2012/QH13
Hanoi, June 20, 2012
LAW
ON HANDLING ADMINISTRATIVE VIOLATIONS
Pursuant to the 1992 Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam which was amended and
supplemented under the Resolution No.51/2001/QH10;
The National Assembly promulgates the Law on handling administrative violations
The first part GENERAL PROVISIONS
Article 1. Scope of adjustment
This Law stipulates the administrative sanctions and administrative handling measures.
Article 2. Explanation of terms
In this Law, the following terms are construed as follows:
1.
The administrative violations
are acts at fault committed by individuals, organizations that break the law provisions on State management, which, however, do not constitute crimes, and as required by law, must be administratively sanctioned.
2.
The administrative sanctions
includes application of sanction forms, remedial measures with respect to individuals, organizations committing acts of administrative violations according to provisions of law on administrative sanctions which are implemented by the competent persons.
3.
The administrative handling measures
are measures applied for individuals who commit acts of law violation on security, social order and safety, however, do not constitute crimes, including measures of education at communes, wards, towns; sending to reformatories; sending to compulsory education establishments and sending to compulsory detoxification establishments .
4.
The measures replacing the handling of administrative violations
are educational measures that are applied to replace for the sanction forms against administrative violations or the administrative handling measures with respect to minors who commit administrative violations, including measure of reminding and measure of management at home.
5.
The repeating offences
are in case individuals, organizations who had been handled administrative violations but it is not expired time limit which is deemed to be having not been handled administrative violation, since the date of executing the sanctioning decisions, decision on application of administrative handling measures or after the expiration of this decision’s execution, they committed acts of administrative violations which had been handled again.
6.
The administrative violations being committed many times
are cases of individuals, organizations who committed acts of administrative violations which before that they have committed same acts without being sanctioned and within statute of limitations for handling.
7.
The administrative violations being committed in an organized manner
are cases of individuals, organizations who collude with other individuals, organizations in order to commit acts of administrative violations.
8.
Licenses, practice certificates
are documents granted by the state agencies, the authorized to individuals, organizations according to law provisions so that those individuals, organizations can carry on their business, operation, practicing or using equipment, means. Licenses, practice certificates do not include business registration certificates, certificates attached to the personal status of licensees without purpose of practice permission.
9.
The dwelling place
is dwelling house, means or other house that a citizen uses for residence. The dwelling place may belong to the ownership of citizen or be leased, lent or let for free-of- charge stay by agencies, organizations, individuals according to law provisions.
10.
Organizations
are the state agencies, political - social organizations, political – social professional organizations, social organizations, professional social organizations, economic organizations, people’s armed forces and other organizations that are established according to law provisions.
11.
Emergency circumstances
are situations that individuals, organizations wish to avoid a risk which actually threatening the interests of the State, organizations, their legitimate rights and interests or legitimate rights and interests of others and with no other way, must cause a damage being smaller than damage which needs be prevented.
12.
Legitimate self-defense
is behaviors of individuals, aiming to protect interests of the State, organizations, their own legitimate rights, interests or legitimate rights and interests of others, they necessarily resist those who having acts violating the above-mentioned rights and interests.
13.
Unexpected events
are events that individuals, organizations cannot foresee or are not required to foresee the consequences of their harmful acts.
14.
Force majeure
is event that happens objectively without being foreseen and cannot overcome although all necessary measures in permissible ability have been applied.
15.
Persons without administrative liability capacity
are persons committing acts of administrative violations while being incapable of cognizing or controlling their acts due to mental disease or other ailments.
16.
Drug addict
is person who uses drug, habit-forming drugs, psychotropic drugs and suffers dependence on these drugs.
17.
Legal representatives include
parents or guardian, lawyer, legal assistants.
Article 3. Principles for handling administrative violations
1. Principles for sanctioning administrative violations include:
a) All administrative violations must be detected and stopped in time and handled strictly and clearly, all consequences caused by administrative violations must be overcome strictly according to law provisions;
b) The sanction of administrative violations must be conducted fast, with publicity, objective and proper competence, ensure fairness, in accordance to law provisions.
c) The sanction of administrative violations must be based on the nature, seriousness, consequences of the violations, the subjects of violations and the extenuating as well as aggravating circumstances;
d) The sanction of administrative violations shall be conducted for only administrative violations regulated by the law.
An act of administrative violation shall be sanctioned only once.
If many persons commit the same act of administrative violation, each of the violators shall be sanctioned.
If a person commits many acts of administrative violation, or administrative violation in many times he/she shall be sanctioned for each act of violation.
dd) The persons competent to sanction are responsible for proving administrative violations. Sanctioned individuals or organizations can self-prove or be proved by their legal representatives that they do not commit acts of administrative violations;
e) For the same act of administrative violations, the fine levels for organizations are equal to 02 times compared with the fine levels for individuals.
2. Principles for application of administrative handling measures include:
a) Individuals shall be subject to the application of other administrative handling measures only if they belong to one of the subjects prescribed in Articles 90, 92, 94 and 96 of this Law;
b) The application of administrative handling measures must be carried out as regulated in point b, clause 1 of this Article;
c) Decision on the time limits for application of administrative handling measures must be based on the nature, level, consequences of the violations, the personal identity of the violators and the extenuating as well as aggravating circumstances;
d) The persons competent to application of administrative handling measures are responsible for proving administrative violations. Individuals subject to the administrative handling measures can self-prove or through their legal representatives to be proved that they do not commit acts of administrative violation;
Article 4. Competence to prescribe the administrative violation sanctions in state management sectors and the regime of application of administrative handling measures
Pursuant to regulations of this Law, the Government shall prescribe acts of administrative violation, sanctioning forms, levels of sanction, remedial measures applicable to each act of administrative violation; the sanctioning competence, specific fine levels according to each title and competence for taking minutes for administrative violations in each the state management sector; the regime of application of administrative handling measures and stipulate the forms of records, the forms of decisions being used in administrative violation sanctions.
Article 5. Subjects handled for administrative violations
1. The subjects sanctioned for administrative violations include:
a) Persons aged between full 14 and fewer than 16 shall be administratively sanctioned for intentional administrative violations; persons aged full 16 or older shall be administratively sanctioned for all administrative violations.
Persons of the people’s army, people’s police force, who commit administrative violations, shall be handled like other citizens; in cases where it is necessary to apply the sanctioning form of stripping off the right to use licenses, practice certificates or terminable suspension of operations related to defense and security, the sanctioning persons propose the competent agencies, people’s army, people’s police for handle;
b) Organizations shall be administratively sanctioned for all administrative violations they have committed.
c) Foreign individuals and organizations that commit administrative violations within the territory, the territorial waters adjacent areas, the exclusive economic zone and continental shelf of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam; in aircrafts with Vietnamese nationality, vessels flagged with Vietnamese nationality shall be administratively sanctioned according to the provisions of Vietnamese laws, except otherwise provided for by international treaties of which the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is member.
2. Subjects liable to the application of administrative handling measures are individuals defined in Articles 90, 92, 94 and 96 of this Law.
The administrative handling measures shall not apply to foreigners.
Article 6. Statute of limitations for handling of administrative violations
1. The statute of limitations for administrative violation sanction is regulated as follows:
a) The statute of limitations for administrative violation shall be 01 year, except from the following cases:
Administrative violations of accounting; tax procedures; charges, fees; insurance business; price management; securities; intellectual property; construction; protecting marine product and aquatic resources; forest and forest product management; investigation, planning, exploration, exploitation and use of water resources; exploration and exploitation of oil and gas and other minerals; environmental protection; atomic energy; management, development of houses and office buildings; land; dykes; press; publication; production of, export of, import of, trading goods; producing and/or trading prohibited, fake goods; overseas labor management, the statute of limitations for administrative sanctions shall be 02 years.
Administrative violations of tax evasion, tax fraud, late payment of tax, insufficient declaration of tax liability, the statute of limitations for administrative sanctions shall be in accordance with the tax laws;
b) The time to calculate the statute of limitations for administrative sanctions regulated at Point a, Clause 1 of this Article shall be regulated as follows:
For administrative violations have ended, the statute of limitations shall be from the termination of violations.
For administrative violations being done, the statute of limitations shall be from the time of detecting violations;
c) In the case of administrative sanctions for individuals transferred by proceeding agencies, the statute of limitations shall be applicable according to the provisions of Points a and b of this Clause. The period when proceeding agencies handle, consider the case shall be included in the statute of limitations for administrative sanctions.
d) Within the period specified in points a and b of this Clause, individuals, organizations deliberately evade or obstruct the sanctioning, the statute of limitations for administrative sanctions shall be re-calculated from the time terminating the acts of evading or obstructing the sanctioning.
2. The statute of limitations for application of administrative handling measures is regulated as follows:
a) The statute of limitations for application of education measures at communes, wards or towns shall be one year as from the time of committing violation acts prescribed at Clause 1, Article 90; 06 months as from the time of committing violation acts prescribed at Clause 2, Article 90 or as from the last time of committing violation acts prescribed at Clause 3 and 5, Article 90; 03 months as from the time of committing violation acts prescribed at Clause 4, Article 90 of this Law;
b) The statute of limitations for application of measure sending to reformatories is 01 year, as from the time of committing violation act prescribed at Clause 1 and Clause 2, Article 92; 06 months as from the time of committing violation act prescribed at Clause 3, Article 92 or as from the last time of committing one of violation acts prescribed at Clause 4, Article 92 of this Law;
c) The statute of limitations for application of measure sending to compulsory education establishments is 01 year, as from the last time of committing of one of violation acts prescribed at Clause 1, Article 94 of this Law;
d) The statute of limitations for application of sending to compulsory detoxification establishments is 03 months, as from the last time of committing violation act prescribed at Clause 1, Article 96 of this Law.
Article 7. Time limits for being considered not yet administratively sanctioned
1. 06 months as from the date of completely serving the sanctioning-with-warning decisions, or 01 year as from the date of completely serving the other sanctioning decisions or the date of expiry of the statute of limitations for executing the sanctioning decisions, if the individuals and organizations sanctioned for administrative violations do not repeat their violations, they shall be considered not yet being administratively sanctioned.
2. Two years as from the date of completely serving the decisions on application of administrative handling measures or 01 year as from the date of expiry of the statute of limitations for executing the decisions on application of administrative handling measures, if the individuals subject to the application of other administrative handling measures do not repeat acts, they shall be considered not yet subject to the application of administrative handling measures.
Article 8. Calculation of time, period, statute of limitations in the administrative violation handling
1. Calculation of time limit, statute of limitations in the administrative violation handling shall be applicable according to regulations of the Civil Code, except for being regulated specifically about time under working days in this Law.
2. Night time shall be calculated from 22:00 p.m. of the previous day to 6:00 a.m. of the following day.
Article 9. Extenuating circumstances
The following circumstances shall be the extenuating circumstances:
1. The violators have prevented or reduced harms done by the violations or volunteer to overcome the consequences, pay compensations;
2. The violators have voluntarily reported their violations, honestly repenting their mistakes; actively help authorities detect administrative violations, handle administrative violations;
3. The violators commit violations in the state of being spiritually incited by other persons’ illegal acts; beyond the limits of legitimate defense; exceeding the requirements of the emergency circumstances;
4. The violators commit administrative violations due to being forced to or due to their material or spiritual dependence;
5. The violators are pregnant women, old and weak persons, persons suffering from ailment or disability which restrict their capacity to perceive or to control their acts;
6. The violators commit violations due to particularly difficult plights not caused by themselves;
7. The violations are committed due to backwardness.
8. Other extenuating circumstances regulated by the Government.
Article 10. Aggravating circumstances
1. The following circumstances are aggravating circumstances:
a) The administrative violations are committed in an organized manner;
b) The administrative violations are committed many times or repeated;
c) Inciting, dragging, using minors to commit administrative violations, forcing materially or spiritually dependent persons to commit violations;
d) Using the persons who violators are clearly known as suffering from mental illness or others that cause their loss of cognitive ability or their ability to control their behaviors in order to commit the administrative violations;
dd) Reviling, defaming who is on duty; administrative violations as gangsters;
e) Abusing one’s positions and powers to commit administrative violations;
g) Taking advantage of war, natural calamity circumstances, disaster, epidemic diseases or other special difficulties of the society to commit administrative violations;
h) Committing violations while serving criminal sentences or decisions on application of administrative violation handling measure;
i) Continuing to commit administrative violations though the competent persons have requested the termination of such acts;
k) After the violations, having committed acts of fleeing or concealing the administrative violations.
l) Administrative violations of large-scale, large quantity or large value of goods;
m) Administrative violations against many people, children, the elderly, people with disabilities, pregnant women.
2. Circumstances specified in Clause 1 of this Article in case have been defined as administrative violations shall not be considered as aggravating circumstances.
Article 11. Cases not being administratively sanctioned
These following cases shall not be administratively sanctioned:
1. Commit acts of administrative violations in emergency circumstances;
2. Commit acts of administrative violations due to legitimate defense;
3. Commit acts of administrative violations due to unexpected events;
4. Commit acts of administrative violations due to force majeure;
5. The violators do not have administrative liability capacity; the violators commit administrative violations when are not sufficient age to be administratively sanctioned as regulated in point a, clause 1, Article 5 of this Law.
Article 12. The strictly prohibited acts
1. Retaining violation cases with criminal signs to handle as administrative violations.
2. Abusing their positions and powers to harass, demand, and receive money or property of the violators; tolerating, covering up, limiting rights of the violators during the administrative sanctions or application of administrative handling measures.
3. Issuing documents contrary to the competence that regulated acts of administration violations, competence, sanctioning forms, remedial measures for each act of administrative violation in the state management sector and administrative handling measures.
4. Not to sanction administrative violations, not to apply remedial measures or not to apply administrative handling measures.
5. Administrative sanctions, application of remedial measures or application of administrative handling measures are not in time, justly, in proper the competence, procedures and subjects regulated in this Law.
6. Application of sanction forms, remedial measures is not correct, adequate for acts of administrative violations.
7. Unlawful interference in the handling of administrative violations.
8. Extending the application term of administrative handling measures.
9. Using the money from fines for administrative violations, from payment due to late execution of fine decisions, money from liquidation, sale of confiscated material evidences and/or means of
administrative violations and other amount from administrative sanctions in manner contrary to the law provisions on the state budget.
10. Forging, falsifying dossiers of administrative sanctions, dossiers of application of administrative handling measures.
11. Infringing the life, health, honor and dignity of the violators who are administratively sanctioned, being applied administrative handling measures, being applied measures of preventing and ensuring the administrative violation handling, being applied coercive measures of executing decisions on administrative violations handling.
12. Resisting, evading, delaying or obstructing the execution of the administrative sanctioning decisions, decisions on applying measures of preventing and ensuring administrative violation handling, decision on coercive measures of executing decisions on administrative violation sanction, decisions on applying administrative handling measures.
Article 13. Compensation for damage
1. In case the administrative violators cause damages, they must pay for those damages as compensation.
The compensation shall comply with the provisions of the Civil Law.
2. The persons competent to handling of the administrative violations, agencies, organizations, individuals related to the administrative violation handling if causing damages must compensate according to law provisions.
Article 14. Responsibilities to combat, prevent and oppose administrative violations
1. Individuals, organizations must strictly abide by the law provisions on administrative violation handling. Organizations are responsible for educating members of their organizations on awareness of protection and compliance with the law, the rules of social life, to take measures in time to eliminate the causes and conditions that cause violations in their organizations.
2. In case of detecting administrative violations, the people who are competent to handle administrative violations must be responsible for handling violations according to the law provisions.
3. Individuals, organizations have responsibility to detect, denounce and combat, prevent and oppose administrative violations.
Article 15. Complaints, denunciations and initiating lawsuits in administrative violation handling
1. Individuals and organizations that are handled for administrative violations shall have the rights to complain about, initiate lawsuit for decisions on administrative sanctions according to the law provisions.
2. Individuals have the right to denounce acts of violations of law in the administrative violation handling according to the law provisions.
3. In the settlement process of complaints, lawsuits if it is deemed that the implementation of decisions on administrative violations subject to complaints, lawsuits will cause irremediable consequences, the people who are in charge of settlement of complaints, lawsuits must make
decisions on temporarily suspending the execution of the decision according to the law provisions.
Article 16. Responsibility of the competent people in administrative violation handling
1. In the process of administrative handling, the competent people in administrative handling must comply with the provisions of this Law and other related law provisions.
2. The competent people in administrative handling, who harass, claim, receive money, other property from the violators, tolerate, cover up, do not sanction or sanction not in time, not exact nature or levels of violations, not proper competence or violate other regulations in Article 12 of this law and other law provisions, depending on the nature and seriousness of their violations, they shall be disciplined or prosecuted for criminal liability.
Article 17. Responsibility for the management of law observance on administrative handling
1. The Government unifies the management of law execution on administrative sanctions.
2. The Ministry of Justice is responsible to the Government for the management of law execution on administrative handling with the following tasks and authorities:
a) To assume the prime responsibility for or coordinate in the proposal of, development of and submission to competent agencies for promulgation or to promulgate according to its competence legal normative documents on administrative sanctions;
b) General track and report the implementation of the law execution on administrative handling; to make statistics reports, set up and manage the national database on administrative handling;
c) To assume the prime responsibility for and coordinate in guidance, training, professional training in the law execution on administrative handling;
d) To examine and coordinate with relevant ministries and agencies to carry out the inspection of the law execution on administrative handling.
3. Within their duties and powers, the ministries, departments are responsible for implementing or coordinating with the Ministry of Justice to perform the tasks specified in Clause 2 of this Article; timely providing information to the Ministry of Justice on administrative handling to set up the national database; every 06 months, every year, sending reports to the Ministry of Justice on administrative handling within their management.
4. Within the duties and powers, the Supreme People's Court implements the provisions in Clause 2 of this Article and every 06 months, every year, the People’s Court sends announcement to the Ministry of Justice on administrative handling within its management; directs People’s Courts at all levels about the information provision of administrative handling; assumes the prime responsibility for and coordinates with the Government in issuing documents providing details and guiding the implementation of the relevant provisions.
5. Within the duties and powers, the People's Committees at all levels managing the law execution about administrative handling in the localities, have the following responsibilities:
a) To direct the implementation of legal normative documents on administrative handling; disseminate, educate legal information on administrative handling;
b) To check, inspect, handle violations and according to the competence, handle complaints, denunciations in the law observance about administrative handling;
c) Promptly provide information to the Ministry of Justice on administrative handling to set up the national database; every 06 months, every year, send reports to the Ministry of Justice about the administrative handling in their localities.
6. Agencies of the competent people in administrative sanctions, the People’s Courts with competence in consideration, decision of administrative handling measures, agencies executing the sanctioning decisions, executing coercive and sanctioning decisions, executing decisions on application of administrative handling measures are responsible for sending documents, decisions regulated in Article 70, Clause 2, Article 73, Clause 2, Article 77, Article 88, Clause 4, Article 98, Article 107, Clause 3, Article 111, paragraph 2, Clause 3, Article 112, Clauses 1 and 2, Article 144 to agency of database management about administrative handling of the Ministry of Justice, local justice agencies.
7. The Government shall regulate details about this Article.
Article 18. Responsibilities of the heads of units, agencies in administrative handling
1. Within their duties and powers, the heads of agencies, units having competence to handle administrative violations have the following responsibilities:
a) Frequently inspecting, checking and timely handling violations of persons with competence to handle administrative violations under their management; settling complaints and denunciations in handling administrative violations prescribed by law;
b) Not to interfere unlawfully in administrative handling and must have joint responsibility for violations of the persons with competence to handle administrative violations under their management according to the law provisions;
c) Not to let happening acts of corruption committed by the persons with competence to handle administrative violations under their management;
d) Other responsibilities as prescribed by law.
2. Within their duties and powers, ministers, the heads of ministerial-level agencies, the chairmen of People's Committees at all levels have responsibilities as follows:
a) Frequently direct, check the administrative handling of the persons with competence to handle administrative violations under their management;
b) Discipline persons who have committed mistakes in the administrative handling in the scope of their respective management;
c) Timely handle complaints and denunciations about the administrative handling in the sectors, fields under their management according to the law provisions;
d) Other responsibilities as prescribed by law.
3. Within their scope of duties and powers, the Ministers, Heads of ministerial-level agencies, the chairmen of People's Committees at all levels, heads of agencies, units with competence to handle administrative violations are responsible for detecting errors from decisions on administrative handling promulgated by themselves or their subordinates to timely amend, supplement or cancel, issue new decisions according to their competence.
Article 19. Supervision of the administrative handling
The National Assembly, the agencies of the National Assembly, People's Committees at all levels, members of the National Assembly and People's Committees, the Vietnam Fatherland Front, member organizations of the Vietnam Fatherland Front and all citizens monitor activities of the agencies, persons with competence to handle administrative violations; in case of detecting unlawful acts committed by agencies or persons with competence to handle administrative violations, they are entitled to request, propose competent agencies and persons to consider, settle and handle according to the law provisions.
Agencies or persons with competence to handle administrative violations must consider, settle and answer such requirements, proposals according to the law provisions.
Article 20. Application of the Law on administrative handling for administrative violations outside the territory of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
Vietnamese citizens, organizations violating the administrative law of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam outside the territory of Vietnam may be administratively sanctioned according to the provisions of this Law.
The second part ADMINISTRATIVE SANCTIONS
Chapter I SANCTIONING FORMS AND REMEDIAL MEASURES
Section 1. SANCTIONING FORMS Article 21. Sanctioning forms and application principles
1. Forms of administrative sanctions include:
a) Warning;
b) Fines;
c) Stripping off the right to use permits, professional practice certificates in a definite term; or suspension of operation in a definite term;
d) Confiscating material evidences, means of administrative violation used to commit administrative violations (hereinafter called material evidences, means of administrative violation);
e) Expulsion;
2. Sanctioning forms specified in point a and point b, Clause 1 of this Article shall be defined and applied as principal sanctioning forms.
Sanctioning forms specified in the points c, d and e, Clause 1 of this Article may be specified as additional sanctioning forms or principal sanctioning forms.
3. For each act of administrative violations, individuals, organizations committing administrative violations shall be applied one principal sanctioning form; may be applied one or more additional sanctioning forms specified in Clause 1 of this Article. The additional sanctioning forms are only applied together with the principal ones.
Article 22. Warning
Warning shall be applied to individuals and organizations that commit minor administrative violations, with extenuating circumstances and shall be applied warning form according to the regulations, or to all acts of administrative violations committed by minors aged between full 14 and fewer than 16. Warning shall be decided in writing.
Article 23. Fines
1. The fine levels in sanctioning administrative violations range from VND 50,000 to VND 1,000,000,000 for individuals, VND 100,000 to VND 2,000,000 for organizations, except for those regulated in Clause 3, Article 24 of this Law.
For urban areas of central cities, the fine levels may be higher, but not exceeding 02 times compared with the common levels applied for the same violations in the fields of road traffic; environmental protection; security, order and social security.
2. The Government shall regulate the frame of fine levels or fines for specific administrative violations according to one of the following methods, but the highest fine frame does not exceed the maximum fine level specified in Article 24 of this Law:
a) Defining the minimum, the maximum fines;
b) Defining the number of times, the percentage of the value and quantity of violation goods, material evidences, violated subjects or revenue, interest earned from acts of administrative violations.
3. Based on the behavior, frame of fines or the fine levels specified in the decree of the Government and requirements of characteristic socio-economic management of the localities, the People’s Councils of the centrally-affiliated cities shall define the frame of fines or the specific fine levels for violations in the fields regulated in paragraph 2, Clause 1 of this Article.
4. The specific fine level for an act of administrative violation is the average level of the fine frame prescribed for such violation; if there are extenuating circumstances, the fine level may be reduced but not lower than minimum level of the fine frame; if there are aggravating circumstances, the fine may be increased but not higher than the maximum fine level of the fine frame.
Article 24. The maximum fine levels in fields
1. The maximum fine level in the fields of state management for individuals shall be regulated as follows:
a) A fine of up to VND 30,000,000: marriage and family; gender equality; domestic violence; storage; religion; emulation; justice administration; population; environmental hygiene; statistics;
b) A fine of up to VND 40,000,000: security, order, social security; prevention of social evils; civil judgment; enterprises and cooperatives bankruptcy; road traffic; electronic transactions; postal service;
c) A fine of up to VND 50,000,000: fire fighting and prevention; cipher, management and protection of national borders; judicial assistance; preventive medical activities; HIV / AIDS prevention; education; culture; sports; tourism; management of science and technology; technology transfer; children protection and care; social sponsor and relief; natural disaster
prevention; plants protection and quarantine; management and conservation of genetic resources; manufacturing and trading breeding of animals and plants; veterinary; accounting; independent audit; charges, fees; public asset management; invoices; national reserve; electricity; chemicals; hydrometeorology; cartography; business registration;
d) A fine of up to VND 75,000,000: national security and defense; labor; vocational training; railway traffic; inland waterway traffic; health insurance; social insurance;
dd) A fine of VND 100,000,000: irrigation works management; dykes; medical examination and treatment; cosmetics; pharmacy and medical equipment; production and trading of animal feed and fertilizers; advertising; betting and games with awards; overseas labor management; maritime traffic; civil air traffic; management and protection of traffic works; information technology; telecommunications; radio frequency; press; publish; trade; protecting the benefits of consumers; customs, tax procedures; lottery business; insurance business; practicing thrift, combating waste; management of explosive materials; protecting aquatic resources and marine products;
e) A fine of up to VND 150 million: price management; real estate trading; mining, manufacturing and trading the building materials; technical infrastructure management; management, development of housing and office buildings; bidding; investment;
g) A fine of up to VND 200,000,000: production, trading forbidden goods, fake goods;
h) A fine of up to VND 250 million: survey, planning, exploration, exploitation and use of water resources;
i) A fine of up to VND 500,000,000: construction; management of forest and forest products; land;
k) A fine of up to VND 1 billion: the management of the sea areas, islands and continental shelves of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam; nuclear and radioactive materials management, nuclear energy; currency, precious metals, precious stones, banking and credit; exploration and exploitation of oil and gas and other minerals; environmental protection.
2. The maximum fine level in the field of State management specified in Clause 1 of this Article for organizations shall be 02 times compared with the fine level for individuals.
3. The maximum fine in the field of taxation; measurement; intellectual property; food safety; quality of products and goods; securities; restricting competition comply with the respective laws.
4. The maximum fine levels for the new fields have not been defined in Clause 1 of this Article shall be prescribed by the State after obtaining the consent of the National Assembly Standing Committee.
Article 25. The definite deprivation of the right to use licenses, professional practice certificates or suspension of operation in definite time
1. The definite deprivation of the right to use licenses or professional practice certificates shall apply to individuals and organizations that have seriously violated the activities written in the licenses, professional practice certificates. While being deprived of the right to use licenses and/or professional practice certificates, individuals and organizations must not carry out activities prescribed in the licenses or professional practice certificates.
2. The suspension of operation in definite time is the sanctioning form that is applied for individuals, organizations committing acts of administrative violations in the following cases:
a) Partly suspension of operation causing serious consequences or practically causing serious consequences to the life, human health, environment for facilities manufacturing, trading and supplying services being required to possess licenses according to the law regulations.
b) Partly or entirely suspension of manufacturing, trading, supplying services or other activities causing serious consequences or practically causing serious consequences to the life, human health, environment and order, social safety, that are required to possess licenses according to the law regulations.
3. The time limit of deprivation of the right to use licenses or professional practice certificates, time limit of operation suspension specified in Clause 1 and Clause 2 of this Article are from 01 month to 24 months, as the date when sanctioning decision takes effect. The competent persons in sanctioning hold the licenses or professional practice certificates during the deprivation term.
Article 26. Confiscation of material evidences and means used for commission of administrative violations
1. Confiscating material evidences and means used to commit administrative violations means the requisition of things, money, goods and/or means directly involved in the administrative violations into the State fund; applied for serious administrative violations due to the intentional fault of individuals, organizations.
The handling of confiscated material evidences and means of administrative violations shall comply with the provisions of Article 82 of this Law.
Article 27. Expulsion
1. Expulsion means compelling foreigners who have committed acts of administrative violations in Vietnam to leave the territory of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam.
2. The Government shall prescribe in details application of sanctioning forms for expulsion.
Section 2. REMEDIAL MEASURES Article 28. Remedial measures and application principles
1. Remedial measures include:
a) Forcible restoration of the initial state;
b) Forcible dismantling of works, parts of works constructed without permits or not proper with permits;
c) Forcible application of measures to overcome the environmental pollution, epidemic spreads;
d) Forcible bringing out of the territory of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam or forcible re-export of goods, articles and means;
dd) Forcible destruction of goods, articles which cause harms to human health, domestic animals and cultivated plants, environment and harmful cultural products;
e) Forcible correction of false information or misleading;
g) Forcible removal of infringing elements on the goods or packaging of goods, means of trading, and articles;
h) Forcible recall of products, goods without quality guarantee;
i) Forcible submit of the unlawful profits from administrative violations or forced to submit the money equivalent to the value of material evidences, means used to commit administrative violations which have been sold, dispersed or destroyed contrary to the law provisions;
k) Other remedial measures prescribed by the Government.
2. Application principles of remedial measures:
a) For each act of administrative violation, in addition to being applied sanctions, individuals, organizations committing administrative violations may be applied one or more remedial measures specified in Clause 1 of this Article;
b) Remedial measures are applied independently for cases specified in Clause 2, Article 65 of this Law.
Article 29. Forcible restoration of the initial state
Individuals, organizations committing administrative violations must restore the initial state altered due to their acts of administrative violations; in case individuals, organizations committing administrative violations do not voluntarily carry out their duties, they shall be coerced to carry out their duties.
Article 30. Forcible dismantling of works, parts of works constructed without building permits or not proper with building permits
Individuals, organizations committing administrative violations must dismantle works, parts of works constructed without building permits or not proper with building permits; in case individuals, organizations committing administrative violations do not voluntarily carry out their duties, they shall be coerced to carry out their duties.
Article 31. Forcible application of measures to overcome the environmental pollution, epidemic spreads
Individuals, organizations committing administrative violations must implement measures to overcome the environmental pollution, epidemic spreads; in case individuals, organizations committing administrative violations do not voluntarily carry out their duties, they shall be coerced to carry out their duties.
Article 32. Forcible bringing out of the territory of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam or forcible re-export of goods, articles and means
Individuals, organizations committing administrative violations must bring out of the territory of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam or re-export goods, articles and means brought into the territory of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam, imported contrary to the provisions of law or temporary import for re-export, but not re-export in accordance with the provisions of the law.
This remedial measure is also applied to goods imported, transited which infringe upon intellectual property rights, fake goods infringe upon intellectual property rights, import means, raw materials and materials used primarily for the production and trading of intellectual property counterfeit goods, after the removal of offending elements; in case individuals, organizations
committing administrative violations do not voluntarily carry out their duties, they shall be coerced to carry out their duties.
Articles 33. Forcible destruction of goods, articles which cause harms to human health, domestic animals and cultivated plants, and environment, harmful cultural products;
Individuals, organizations committing administrative violations must destroy articles which cause harms to human health, domestic animals and cultivated plants, environment and harmful cultural products or other material evidences belong to groups of being destroyed according to the law provisions; in case individuals, organizations committing administrative violations do not voluntarily carry out their duties, they shall be coerced to carry out their duties.
Article 34. Forcible correction of false information or misleading
Individuals, organizations committing administrative violations must correct false information or misleading which have been announced, informed on the mass media, being announced, informed on websites; in case individuals, organizations committing administrative violations do not voluntarily carry out their duties, they shall be coerced to carry out their duties.
Article 35. Forcible removal of infringing elements on the goods or packaging of goods, means of trading, and articles;
Individuals, organizations who manufacture, trade goods or use means of trading, articles which contain the infringing elements on the goods, packaging of goods, means of trading, articles must remove those infringing elements; in case individuals, organizations committing administrative violations do not voluntarily carry out their duties, they shall be coerced to carry out their duties.
Article 36. Forcible recall of products, goods without quality guarantee
Individuals, organizations manufacturing, trading products, goods which do not meet registered or announced quality and other goods without quality guarantee, conditions of circulation in the market; in case individuals, organizations committing administrative violations do not voluntarily carry out their duties, they shall be coerced to carry out their duties.
Article 37. Forcible submit of the unlawful profits from administrative violations or forced to submit the money equivalent to the value of exhibit, means used to commit administrative violations which have been sold, dispersed or destroyed contrary to the law provisions
The violating individuals, organizations must submit the unlawful profits under the forms of money, valuable papers and articles getting from the administrative violations to the State budget or return to the subjects being appropriated; must submit the money equivalent to the value of material evidences, means used to commit administrative violations in case such material evidences, means have been sold, dispersed or destroyed contrary to the law provisions; if individuals, organizations committing administrative violations do not voluntarily carry out their duties, they shall be coerced to carry out their duties.
Chapter II COMPETENCE TO SANCTION ADMINISTRATIVE VIOLATIONS AND APPLY
REMEDIAL MEASURES Article 38. Competence of chairmen of the People’s Committees
1. Chairmen of the commune-level People’s Committees have rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 10% of the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 5,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, b, c and dd, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
2. Chairmen of the district-level People’s Committees have rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 50% of the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 50,000,000;
c) Deprive the rights of using licenses, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time;
d) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, b, c, dd, e, h, i and k Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
3. Chairmen of the province-level People’s Committees have rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law;
c) Deprive the rights of using licenses, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time;
d) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations;
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
Article 39. Competence of People’s Police
1. People’s Police officers being on official duty shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 1% of the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 500,000;
2. The station heads and team heads of the persons defined in Clause 1 of this Article shall have the right to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 3% of the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 1,500,000;
3. The commune-level police chiefs, the Police Post Chief, the Heads of the Police stations at border gates, export-processing zones have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 5% of the maximum fines levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 2,500,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, c and dd, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
4. The district-level police chiefs, Heads of Professional Bureaus belong to the Police Departments of road, rail, Heads of Professional Bureaus belong to the Police Departments of waterways, Heads of the provincial-level Police Departments including Heads of the Police Bureaus for Administrative Management of Social Order, Heads of Public Order Police, Heads of rapid response police force, Heads of Police Bureaus for Criminals Investigation of Social Order, Heads of Police Bureaus for Criminal Investigation of Economic management order and position, Heads of Police Bureaus for Investigation of Drug-Related Crimes, Heads of Police Bureaus of road, rail, Heads of Police Bureaus of waterways, Heads of the Mobile and Protection Police, Heads of Criminal judgment and justice support Bureaus, Heads of Police Bureaus for Prevention and Combat of Environmental Crimes, Heads of the Fire-Fighting & Rescue Police Bureaus, Heads of the Fire-Fighting & Sea-Rescue Police Bureaus, Heads of the Exit and Entry Management Bureaus, Heads of Internal Security & Politics Bureaus, Heads of the Economic Security Bureaus, Heads of cultural and Ideology security Bureaus, Heads of the Information Security Bureaus, Heads of the Fire-Fighting Police Bureaus of districts belong to Fire-Fighting Police Departments; Heads of the Mobile Police units of the company or higher level have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 20% of the maximum fines levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 25,000,000;
c) Deprive the rights of using licenses, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time;
d) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fines levels specified in point b of this clause;
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, c, dd, and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
5. The directors of the provincial-level Police Departments, Directors of Fire-Fighting Police Departments have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 50% of the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 50,000,000;
c) Deprive the rights of using licenses, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time;
d) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
dd) Directors of the provincial-level Police Departments have rights to decide the expulsion as a sanctioning form.
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, c, dd, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
6. Director General of Internal Security & Politics Department, Director General
of the Economic Security Department, Director general of Culture and Ideology Security Department, Director general of the Information Security Department, Director general of Police Department for administrative management of social order, Director general of Department for Criminal Investigation of Social Order, Director general of Department for Criminal Investigation of Economic management order and position, Director general of Police Department for Investigation of Drug-Related Crimes, Director general of Police Department of road, rail, Director general of Police Department of waterways, Director general of the Fire- Fighting & Rescue Police Department, Director general of Protection Police Department, Director general of Criminal judgment and justice support Department, Director general of Police Department for Prevention and Combat of Environmental Crimes, Director general of Police Department for Prevention and Combat of Hi-tech Crimes have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law;
c) Deprive the rights of using licenses, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time;
d) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations;
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, c, dd, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
7. The director general of the Exit and Entry Management Department has rights to sanction according to Clause 6 of this Article and has rights to apply expulsion as a sanctioning form.
Article 40. Competence of border guards
1. Border guard combatants being on official duties have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 1% of the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 500,000;
2. The station heads and team heads of the persons defined in Clause 1 of this Article shall have the right to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 5% of the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 2,500,000;
3. Border post chiefs, border flotilla commanders, border sub-region commanders and post chiefs of border gates shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 20% of the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 25,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, c, dd and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
4. The provincial-level border guard commanders, the commanders of the border guard fleets under the Border Guard Command shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law;
c) Deprive the rights of using licenses, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time;
d) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations;
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, c, dd, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
Article 41. Competence of Coast Guards
1. Policemen of the Coast Guard operation teams, being on official duties, shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 2% of the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 1,500,000;
2. Heads of the operation units of the Coast Guard shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 5% of the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 5,000,000;
3. Heads of the operation teams of the Coast Guard, station heads of the Coast Guard stations shall have the right to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 10% of the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 10,000,000;
c) Apply the remedial measures specified in points a, c, and dd Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
4. The Coast Guard flotilla captains shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 20% of the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 25,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, c, d, dd and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
5. The Coast Guard fleet commanders shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 30% of the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 50,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, c, d, dd and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
6. The Coast Guard region commanders shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 50% of the maximum fines levels for the equivalent field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 100,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fines levels specified in point b of this clause;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, c, d, dd and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
7. The director general of the Coast Guard Department shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law;
c) Deprive right to use permits, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspend operation in definite time;
d) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations;
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, b, c, d, dd and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
Article 42. Competence of the Customs
1. The Customs officers, being on official duties, shall have the right to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 500,000.
2. The Operation team leaders under the Customs Sub-Departments, the Operation Team leaders under the Post-clearance Examination Customs Sub-Departments shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 5,000,000.
3. The Customs Sub-Department heads, the Heads of the Post clearance Examination Customs Sub-Departments, leaders of the Inspection Teams of the provincial, inter-provincial, municipal Customs Departments, the Anti-Smuggling Inspection Team leaders, the Team leaders of Customs procedure, commanders of the Sea Control Flotillas and Team leaders of Intellectual property checking and protection under the Anti-Smuggle Investigation Department of the General Department of Customs shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 25,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point d, dd, g, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
4. The director of the Anti-Smuggling Investigation Department, the director of the Post clearance Examination Customs Sub-Departments under the General Department of Customs, the directors of the provincial, inter-provincial, municipal Customs Departments shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 50,000,000;
c) Deprive the rights of using licenses, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time;
d) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in point d, dd, g, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
5. The Director General of Customs have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point d, dd, g, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
Article 43. Competence of rangers
1. Ranger officers being on official duties shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 500,000;
2. Ranger Station chiefs shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 10,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
3. The heads of the Ranger units, the leaders of the Mobile & Fire-fighting Ranger teams shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 25,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, c, dd, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
4. Directors of the Ranger Sub-Departments, Team leaders of Ranger Special Force under the Ranger Departments shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 50,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
d) Deprive the rights of using licenses, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time;
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, b, c, dd, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
5. The director of the Ranger Department shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to the maximum levels for the field of forest & forest products management specified in Article 24 of this Law;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations;
d) Deprive the rights of using licenses, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time;
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, b, c, dd, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
Article 44. Competence of Tax Offices:
1. Tax officers performing public duties shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 500,000.
2. The Tax Team leaders shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 2,500,000.
3. The Tax Sub-Department heads shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 25,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
4. The Tax Department directors shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 70,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
5. The General Director of Tax shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to the maximum level for the tax field specified in Article 24 of this Law;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
Article 45. Competence of the Market Management Force
1. The market controllers being on official duties shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 500,000.
2. The Market Management Team leaders shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 25,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, dd, e, g, h, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
3. The Heads of the Market Management Sub-Departments under the Department of Industry and Trade, Heads of Anti-Smuggling Division, Heads of Anti-Fake Division, Heads of Goods Quality Control Division under the Market Management Department shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 50,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
d) Deprive the rights of using licenses, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time;
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, c, d, dd, e, h, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
4. The directors of the Market Management Department shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to the maximum level for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations;
d) Deprive the rights of using licenses, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time;
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, c, d, dd, e, g, h, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
Article 46. Competence of Inspectorates
1. The inspectors, the persons with assignments of specialized inspection, being on official duty shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 1% of the maximum fines levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 500,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, c and dd, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
2. Chief inspectors of the provincial-level Services, Chief inspectors of Aviation Bureaus, Chief inspectors of Marine Bureaus, Chief inspectors of the Vietnam Agency for Radiation and Nuclear Safety, Chief inspectors of the State Securities Commission; Heads of the Sub- Departments of Hygiene and Food safety, Directors of the Sub-Department of Population and Family Planning of the Department of Health, Heads of the Sub-Departments of Plant Protection, Veterinary Medicine, Aquatic, quality management of agricultural, forestry and aquatic products, irrigation, dykes, forestry, rural development under the Department of Agriculture and Rural development, Directors of the Region Frequency Centers and equivalent positions who are assigned to perform the specialized inspection tasks by the Government shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 50% of the maximum fine levels for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 50,000,000;
c) Deprive the rights of using licenses, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time;
d) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
3. Heads of the Regional State Reserves Bureaus, Heads of the Statistics Bureaus, Heads of the Pollution Control Bureaus, Directors of the State Treasury of provinces, cities directly under the central state and equivalent positions who are assigned to perform the specialized inspection tasks by the Government shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to 70% of the maximum fines levels for the equivalent field specified in Article 24 of this Law but not over VND 250,000,000;
c) Deprive the rights of using licenses, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time;
d) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
4. The Chief Inspector of ministries and ministerial-level agencies, the Director General of the General Department of Vietnam Road, the Director General of the General Statistics Office, the Director General of the Directorate for Standards and Quality, the Director General of the General Bureau of Vocational Training, the Director General of Irrigation Bureau, the Director General of the General Bureau of Forestry, the Director General of the Fisheries Bureau, the Director General of the General Bureau of Geology and Mineral Resources, the Director General of Bureau of Environment, the Director General of the General Bureau of Land Management , the Director of the State Treasury, the Chairman of the State Securities Commission, the Director General of the State Reserves Bureau, the Director General of the General Bureau of Population and Family Planning, the Chairman of the State Committee of the Vietnamese in foreign countries, the Head of the Central Emulation, the Head of the Government Committee for Religious Affairs, the Heads of the Bureau of Chemicals, the Head of the Engineering safety and Industrial environment Bureau, the Head of the Vietnam railway Bureau, the Head of the Vietnam Inner Waterways Bureau, the Head of the Vietnam Agency for Radiation and Nuclear Safety, the Head of Veterinary medicine Bureau, the Head of the Plant Protection Bureau, the Head of the Bureau of Processing, Trading agriculture, forestry and aquatic products and salt, the Head of Insurance Management & Monitoring Bureau, the Head of the Radio Frequency Bureau, the Head of Telecommunications Bureau, the Head of Radio, Television and Electronic information Management Bureau, the Head of Journalism Bureau, the Head of Publishing Bureau, the Head of Medicine Management Bureau, the Head of Diseases diagnosis and treatment Bureau, the Head of Health Environment Management Bureau, the Head of Preventive Medicine Bureau, the Head of Hygiene and Food Safety Bureau and other equivalent positions
who are assigned to perform the specialized inspection tasks by the Government shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to the maximum level for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law;
c) Deprive the rights of using licenses, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time;
d) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations;
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
5. The Heads of the ministerial-level specialized inspection team shall have the rights to sanction according to the regulations in Clause 3 of this Article.
The Heads of the provincial-level specialized inspection team, the Heads specialized inspection team of state management agencies who are assigned to perform the specialized inspection tasks shall have the rights to sanction according to the regulations in Clause 2 of this Article.
Article 47. Competence of the Maritime Port Authorities, the Airport Authorities, the Inland River Port Authorities
1. The Chief Representatives of the Maritime Port Authorities, the Chief Representatives of the Inland River Port Authorities and the Chief Representatives of the Airport Authorities shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 10,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fines levels specified in point b of this clause;
2. The directors of the Maritime Port Authorities, the directors of the Inland River Port Authorities under the Inland Waterways Bureau and the directors of the Airport Authorities shall have the right to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 25,000,000;
c) Deprive the rights of using licenses, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time;
d) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fines levels specified in point b of this Article;
e) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, b, c, dd, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
Article 48. Competence of the People’s Courts
1. The judges chairing the court sessions shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 1,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause.
2. The judges who are assigned to settle the bankruptcy lawsuits shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 5,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law
3. Chief Judge of district People’s Court, specialized Chief Judge of provincial People’s Court, Chief Judge of Regional Military People’s Court have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 7,500,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
4. Chief Judge of provincial People’s Court, Chief Judge of Regional Military People’s Court and equivalent positions, Chief Judge of Appellate Courts, specialized Chief Judge of the People’s Supreme Court have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to the maximum level for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
Article 49. Competence of civil judgment-executing bodies
1. The civil judgment executors being on official duty shall have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 500,000.
2. The Heads of Civil Judgment Execution Bureau have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 2,500,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
3. The civil judgment executors who are the Team leader of Assets Management and Liquidation of bankruptcy have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 5,000,000;
c) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
4. The Directors of Civil Judgment Execution Department, the heads of the judgment executing bureaus of the military zone level have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to VND 20,000,000;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations, with value of not over the fine levels specified in point b of this clause;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
5. The Director General of Civil Judgment Execution Department have the rights to:
a) Impose warning;
b) Impose fines of up to the maximum level for the field of civil judgment execution specified in Article 24 of this Law;
c) Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations;
d) Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
Article 50. Competence of the Overseas Labor Management Department
The director of the Overseas Labor Management Department has the rights to:
1. Impose warning;
2. Impose fines of up to the maximum level for the Overseas Labor Management field specified in Article 24 of this Law;
3. Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations;
4. Deprive the rights of using licenses in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time;
5. Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
Article 51. Competence of diplomatic missions, consulates and other agencies authorized to perform consular functions of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam in foreign countries
Heads of diplomatic missions, consulates and other agencies authorized to perform consular functions of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam in foreign countries have the rights to:
1. Impose warning;
2. Impose fines of up to the maximum level for the respective field specified in Article 24 of this Law;
3. Confiscate material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations;
4. Apply the remedial measures specified in point a, i and k, Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
Article 52. Principles for determining and fixing the competence to administrative violation sanction and application of remedial measures
1. The administrative violation sanctioning competence of the persons defined in Articles 38 to 51 of this Law is the competence applicable to an act of administrative violation for persons. In case of fines, the competence sanctioning organizations shall be 02 times compared with the competence sanctioning personals and be determined on the basis of the percentage prescribed in this Law with that position.
In the case of fines for administrative violations in the inner city areas of the fields specified in Paragraph 2, Clause 1, Article 23 of this Law, the titles competent to fines for administrative violations regulated by the Government shall also have the sanctioning competence equivalent to the higher fines for administrative violations regulated by the People's Council of cities under the Central State applicable in the inner city.
2. Fines competence prescribed in Clause 1 of this Article shall be determined on the basis of the maximum level of the fine frame prescribed for each specific violating act.
3. Chairmen of the People's Committees of all levels with competence to sanction administrative violations in the field of local state management.
Persons with competence to sanction administrative violations specified in Articles 39 to 51 of this Law have competence to sanction administrative violations in the fields, sectors under their management.
In the case of administrative violations under the sanctioning competence of many persons, the administrative sanctions shall be conducted by the person who handles the violations in the first time.
4. In case of sanctioning a person who commits multiple violations, the competence to sanction administrative violations shall be defined according to the following principles:
a) If the form of sanctions, the value of material evidences and means of administrative violations are confiscated, remedial measures are prescribed for each act under the control of the person who sanctions administrative violations, the sanctioning competence still belongs to that person;
b) If the form of sanctions, the value of material evidences and means of administrative violations being confiscated, remedial measures are prescribed for one of acts beyond the competence of the person who sanctions of administrative violations, such person must transfer the violations to suitable authority.
c) If the acts under the competence of administrative sanctions of many different sectors, the sanctioning competence shall be under the Chairmen of the People's Committees where the violations occur with competence to impose sanctions.
Article 53. Changing the names of the titles having the competence to sanction administrative violations
In case the titles with competence to sanction administrative violations specified in this Law changes the names, these titles shall have sanctioning competence.
Article 54. Delegation of the sanctioning competence
1. Persons with competence to sanction administrative violations specified in Article 38; Clause 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7, Article 39; Clause 2, 3 and 4 of Article 40; Clause 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7, Article 41; Clause 2, 3, 4 and 5, Article 42; Clause 2, 3, 4 and 5, Article 43; Clause 2, 3, 4 and 5, Article 44;
Clause 2, 3 and 4 of Article 45; Clause 2, 3 and 4 of Article 46; Article 47; Clause 3 and Clause 4, Article 48; Clause 2, 4 and 5 of Article 49; Article 50 and Article 51 of this Law may be assigned to their deputy to sanction administrative violations.
2. The delegation of sanctioning administrative violations are carried out regularly or according to each case and must be made in writing, clearly identifying the scope, content and duration of the delegation.
3. The deputies delegated to sanction administrative violations shall be responsible for their administrative sanctions decisions before their Heads and law. Persons who are delegated can not empower, authorize to any other person.
Chapter III PROCEDURES FOR SANCTION, EXECUTION OF SANCTIONING DECISIONS AND
COERCIVE EXECUTION OF SANCTIONING DECISIONS Section 1. PROCEDURES FOR SANCTION Article 55. Forcing to stop acts of administrative violations
Forcing to stop acts of administrative violations is action applied by the competent persons on their official duty for the ongoing administrative violations in order to stop immediately the acts of violations. Forcing to stop acts of administrative violations is conducted by words, whistle, command, document or other forms as prescribed by law.
Article 56. Administrative sanction without record taking
1. Administrative sanction without record taking is applicable in cases of warning or fines of up to VND 250,000 for individuals, VND 500,000 for organizations and the persons with sanctioning competence must make decisions of administrative sanctions on the spot.
In case administrative sanctions are detected thanks to using technical, professional equipment, means, the record must be taken.
2. Decisions of administrative sanctions on the spot must be written clearly the information of date of decisions; full name, address of violators or name, address of violating organizations; acts of violations; venues of violations; evidences and details related to the violation settlement; full name, position of persons who make sanctioning decisions; articles, clauses of applicable legal documents. In case of fines, there must be the fine levels in the decisions.
Article 57. Administrative sanction with taking records, dossiers of administrative sanctions
1. Administrative sanctions with record taking applied for acts of administrative violations of individuals, organizations committing acts of administrative violations not belong to cases specified in paragraph 1, Clause 1, Article 56 of this Law.
2. The sanctions of administrative violations with taking records must be made into dossiers of administrative sanctions by competent persons. The dossiers include records of administrative violations, decisions of administrative sanction, related documents and papers and must be filled in book of records.
The dossiers must be restored according to the law provisions of archives.
Article 58. Taking record of administrative violation
1. Upon detecting administrative violations in their respective management domains, persons with sanctioning competence on duty shall promptly make records thereof, except for cases of sanctioning without record taking specified in Clause 1, Article 56 of this Law.
For administrative violations detected by professional technical devices, means, a record shall be made immediately after violators, violating organizations are identified.
For administrative violations committed on aircraft, ships, trains the aircraft, train or ship captains must make records thereof and send them to persons with administrative sanctioning competence when the aircraft, trains or ships return to the airports, platforms or seaports.
2. An administrative violation record must clearly indicate the date and place of making the record; full name and position of the maker, full name, address and occupation of the violator or name and address of the violating organization; time, date and location when and where the administrative violations occur; acts of violations; measures taken to prevent the administrative violations and ensure handling; conditions of the seized material evidences and means; statements of the violators or representatives of the violating organizations. If there are witnesses, victims or representatives of the victim organizations, their full names, addresses and statements must be indicated in the record; rights and term of explaining administrative violations of violators or representatives of violating organizations; agencies receiving explanations.
If the administrative violators, representatives of violating organizations are absent at the place occurring violation or deliberately escape or fail to sign on the record due to objective reasons, the record must be signed by a representative of the authority at grassroots of the place occurring violation or signed by two witnesses.
3. A record must be made in at least two copies; signed by the record maker and the violators or the representatives of the violating organizations; in case violators can not sign, they can press their finger-prints in record. If there are witnesses, victims or representatives of the victim organizations, they must also sign in the record. If the record consists of many pages, the persons mentioned in this Clause shall sign in each page of record. If the violators, the representatives of the violating organizations, witnesses, victims or representatives of the victim organizations refuse to sign, the record maker shall write the reasons thereof in the record.
After the records of administrative violations have been completed, they must be given to violators, violating organizations 01 copy; in case the administrative violations do not belong to or beyond the sanctioning competence of the record makes, the records must be immediately transferred to the persons with sufficient competence to sanction.
In case the violators are the minors, the records must also be sent to their parents or guardians.
Article 59. Verifying details of administrative sanctions
1. During the consideration of making administrative sanctioning decisions, if necessary, the persons with sanctioning competence are responsible for verifying these following details:
a) Whether or not administrative violations;
b) Individuals and organizations committing administrative violations, errors, personal identifications of violators;
c) Aggravating, extenuating circumstances;
d) The nature and extent of damage caused by administrative violations;
dd) Case of without decisions on administrative sanctions specified in Clause 1, Article 65 of this Law;
e) The other details which are meaningful to the consideration, sanctioning decisions
During the process of consideration, making sanctioning decisions, the persons with sanctioning competence may solicit expertise. The soliciting expertise shall be conducted according to the law provisions of expertise.
2. Verifying details of acts of administrative violations must be made in writing.
Article 60. Defining the value of material evidences of administrative violations as a basis for the defining frame of fines, sanctioning competence
1. In the case of defining the value of material evidences of administrative violations as a basis for defining the frame of fines, sanctioning competence, the competent persons who are handling cases must define the value of material evidences and must be responsible for such evaluation.
2. Depending on the specific material evidence, the evaluation is based on one of the grounds in the following priority order:
a) The price listed or stated in the contract or purchase invoices or import declaration;
b) The price according to the notice of local financial agencies; in case of without price notice, the price shall be based on the market price in the localities at the time of administrative violations;
c) The cost price of material evidence if it is goods not yet been brought out for sale;
d) For the material evidences being fake goods, the price of the material evidences are the market price of the real goods or goods of the same features, technology, use at the place of detecting administrative violations.
3. In case there is no basis to apply regulations in Clause 2 of this Article to define the value of material evidences of administrative violation for defining the frame of fines, sanctioning competence, the competent persons handling that case can make decisions on temporary seizure of material evidences of administrative violation and establish an Appraisal Council. The Appraisal Council includes the person who makes decision on temporary seizure of material evidences as the Chairman of the Council, the representative of the financial agencies of the same level and the representative of relevant professional agencies as members.
The time limit of temporary seizing material evidences to determine the value is not more than 24 hours since making the decisions on temporary seizure, in cases of extreme necessity; the time limit may be extended but must not exceed 24 hours. All costs relating to the seizure, valuation and damages caused by the temporary seizure shall be paid by the agencies of person competent to make decision on temporary seizure. Procedure, records of temporary seizure shall be conducted according to regulations in Clause 5 and Clause 9, Article 125 of this Law.
4. Bases for defining value and documents related to the definition of value of material evidences must be written in the dossiers of administrative sanctions.
Article 61. Explanation
1. For acts of administrative violations which regulated by the law provisions to apply the sanctioning forms of depriving the rights of using licenses, professional practice certificates in definite time or suspension of operation in definite time or apply the maximum fines of the fine frame for those acts from VND 15,000,000 or more than for individuals, from VND 30,000,000 or more than for organizations, the violating individuals, organizations have right to explain directly or in writing for persons with competence to sanction administrative violations. The persons with sanctioning competence are responsible for consider explanation of violating individuals, organizations before making sanctioning decisions, except for those cases that individuals, organizations do not have requirements of explanation within the term specified in Clause 2 and Clause 3 of this Article.
2. For cases of explanation in writing, violating individuals, organizations must send written explanations to persons with competence to sanction administrative violations within 05 days, since the date of taking records of administrative violations.
In case of complicated circumstances, the competent persons can extend with the maximum of 5 days at the request of the violating individuals, organizations.
The violating individuals, organizations must perform explanations in writing by themselves or by their legal representatives.
3. For the cases of direct explanation, the violating individuals, organizations must send their written request for direct explanation to the persons with sanctioning competence within 02 working days, since the date of taking record of administrative violations.
The persons with sanctioning competence must send written notices to violators about the time and venue of direct explanation session within 05 days, from the date of receiving request of violators.
The persons with sanctioning competence hold the direct explanation session and are responsible for defining legal foundations and details, evidences related to the acts of administrative violations, sanctioning forms, remedial measures scheduled to apply for violating acts. The violating individuals, organizations, their legal representatives have rights to participate in the direct explanation session and giving opinions, evidences to protect their legal rights and benefits.
The direct explanation must be made in the records, and signed by the related parties. If the record consists of many pages, the parties must sign on each page. This record must be stored in the dossier of administrative violation sanction and assigned to the violating individuals, organizations or their legal representatives 01 copy for each respective one.
Article 62. Transferring dossiers of cases of violation with criminal signs for penal liability examination
1. When considering the violating case to decide administrative sanctions, if deeming that the violating acts have criminal signs, the persons with sanctioning competence must immediately transfer the violating case to criminal procedure agencies.
2. During the process of sanctioning decisions on administrative sanctions, in case the violating acts are detected to have criminal signs while the statute of limitations is not over, the decider of administrative sanctions must decide to temporarily suspend that decision and within 03 days, from the suspension date, they must transfer the violating case to criminal procedure agencies; in
case the sanctioning decisions are completed, the decider of administrative violations must transfer the violating case to criminal procedure agencies.
3. The criminal procedure agencies are responsible for considering, concluding the case and reply the results in writing to the competent persons who have transferred documents in the terms according the law provisions of criminal procedure; in case of not prosecuting a criminal case, the criminal procedure agencies must return the case to the competent persons who have transferred documents.
For cases specified in Clause 2 of this Article, if the criminal procedure agencies decide to prosecute the case, the persons with competence of administrative sanctions must cancel the decisions on administrative sanctions and transfer all material evidences, means of administrative violations and documents about the execution of sanctioning decisions for criminal procedure agencies.
4. The transferring of violating cases with criminal signs to examine for penal liability must be informed in writing for violators.
Article 63. Transferring dossiers of violation cases for administrative sanctions
In cases that criminal procedure agencies handling, settling, but later got other decisions not to criminal prosecutions, canceling decisions on criminal prosecutions, decisions on suspending the investigation or decisions on suspending the cases, if the violation acts have signs of administrative violations, within three days as from the date of issuing decisions to suspend the investigation or suspend the cases, the agencies conducting the criminal proceedings must transfer the above-mentioned decisions together with dossiers, material evidences, means of violation case and proposal of administrative sanction to the persons with competence of administrative sanction.
2. The administrative sanction shall be based on dossier of violation case being transferred by the criminal procedure agencies.
If necessary, the persons with competence of administrative sanction shall conduct further verification of details as foundation of administrative sanctioning decision.
3. The time limit for making decisions on administrative sanctions is 30 days, from the date of receiving decisions specified in Clause 1 of this Article together with the dossiers of violation cases. In case of further verification specified in Clause 2 of this Article, the maximum time limit is not over 45 days.
Article 64. Use of professional, technical devices, equipment in detecting administrative violations
1. Agencies, persons competent to sanction administrative violations are entitled to use professional, technical devices, equipment to detect administrative violations of order, traffic safety and environmental protection.
2. The management, use and definition of list of professional, technical devices, equipment must ensure the following principles:
a) Respect for freedom, honor, dignity and privacy of citizens and other lawful rights and interests of individuals and organizations;
b) To comply with the process, rules on the use of professional, technical devices, equipment;
c) The results obtained by professional technical devices, equipment must be recorded in writing and will only be used in administrative sanctions;
d) Professional, technical devices, equipment must be ensured complied with technical standards, regulations prescribed by the competent authorities.
3. The Government shall stipulate the management, use and list of professional, technical devices, equipment used to detect administrative violations.
Article 65. Cases without decisions on administrative sanctions
1. There are no decisions on sanctioning administrative violations in the following cases:
a) Cases specified in Article 11 of this Law;
b) Failing to identify the objects of administrative violations;
c) The statute of limitations for sanctioning administrative violations specified in Article 6 is over or the expiration of the sanctioning decisions specified in Clause 3 of Article 63 or Clause 1 of Article 66 of this Law;
d) Individuals committing administrative violations are dead, missing, violating organizations are in the situation of dissolution, bankruptcy in period of considering for making the sanctioning decisions;
e) Transfer dossiers of violation cases with criminal signs as prescribed in Article 62 of this Law.
2. For the cases specified in point a, b, c and d, Clause 1 of this Article, the competent persons do not make decisions on administrative sanctions but can make decisions on confiscating material evidences to the state budget or destroy material evidences of administrative violations belong to the types of being banned for circulation and applied remedial measures specified in Clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
In the decision, the reasons for not making decisions on administrative sanctions must be written; confiscated or destroyed material evidences; applied remedial measures, responsibility and time limit of implementation.
Article 66. The time limit for making decisions to sanction administrative violations
1. Persons with competence of administrative sanctions must make decisions on administrative sanctions within 07 days, from the date of taking administrative records. For those cases with complicated details which do not belong to cases of explanation or explanation cases specified in Clause 2 and Clause 3 of Article 61 of this Law, the time limit for making sanctioning decisions are 30 days, from the date of taking records.
In case of particularly serious cases, with many complicated details and belong to explanation cases specified in paragraph 2, Clauses 2 and 3, Article 61 of this Law, which requires more time to verify and collect evidences, the persons with sanctioning competence must report to their direct heads in writing to ask for extension; the extension must be made in writing, the time limit of extension shall not exceed 30 days.
2. Beyond the time limit specified in Clause 1 of this Article or Clause 3, Article 63 of this Law, the persons with sanctioning competence do not make sanctioning decisions but still make decisions on application of remedial measures specified in Clause 1, Article 28 of this Article,
decisions on confiscating material evidences to the state budget or destroying material evidences of administrative violations belong to the types of being banned for circulation.
In case persons with competence of administrative sanctions have mistakes in not making decisions in excess of the time limit, they shall be handled according to the law provisions.
Article 67. Issuance of decisions on sanctioning administrative violations
1. In case one individual, organization committing many acts of administrative violations and being sanctioned at the same time, just one sanctioning decision is made, in which defining forms, levels of sanctions for each act of administrative violations.
2. In case many individuals, organizations committing an act of administrative violations, 01 or more sanctioning decisions can be made to define sanctioning forms, levels for each individual, organization.
3. In case many individuals, organizations committing many different administrative violations in the same violation case, 01 or more sanctioning decisions can be made to decide sanctioning forms, levels for each violating act of each individual, organization.
4. Sanctioning decisions take effect from the date of signing, unless the different effective date provided in decisions
Article 68. The content of decisions on administrative sanctions
1. Decisions on administrative sanctions must include the main content as follows:
a) Location, date of making decisions;
b) Legal foundations for promulgating decisions;
c) Records of administrative violations, results of verification, written explanation of violating individuals, organizations or records of explanation meeting and other documents (if any);
d) Full name, position of decider;
dd) Full name, address, occupation of violators or name, address of violating organizations;
e) Acts of administrative violations; extenuating circumstances, aggravating circumstances;
g) Articles, Clauses of applied legal documents;
h) The principal sanctioning form; additional sanctioning forms, remedial measures (if any);
i) Rights of complains, initiate lawsuits against decisions on administrative sanction;
k) Effect of decisions, time limit and place of implementation of decisions on administrative sanction, places for fine payment;
l) Full name, signatures of the persons who make decisions on administrative sanctions;
m) Responsibility for executing decisions on administrative sanctions and the coercion in case individuals, organizations are not voluntarily sanctioned.
2. The time limit of decision implementation is 10 days, from the date of receiving sanctioning decisions; in case the sanctioning decisions writing the implementation time limit of more than 10 days, the implementation shall be followed according to such time limit.
3. In case of issuing one decision on administrative sanctions for many individuals, organizations committing an violating act or many individuals, organizations committing many different acts of administrative violations in the same violation case, the content of violating act, sanctioning forms, levels for each individual, organization must be defined in a specific and clear way.
Section 2. EXECUTION OF DECISIONS SANCTIONING ADMINISTRATIVE VIOLATION Article 69. Execution of sanctioning decisions without making records
1. The sanctioning decisions without making records must be handed to sanctioned individuals or organizations, one copy each. If minors are sanctioned with warning, the sanctioning decisions shall be sent to their parents or guardians.
2. The violating individuals, organizations pay fines on spot to the persons with sanctioning competence. The fine collectors shall hand vouchers colleting fines to individuals, organizations paying fines and remit fines directly at State Treasuries or into accounts of State Treasuries within 02 working days, as from the date of collecting fines.
If violating individuals, organizations fail to pay fines on spot, they may remit at State Treasuries or into accounts of State Treasuries indicated in the sanctioning decisions within time limit specified in clause 1, Article 78 of this Law.
Article 70. Sending decisions sanctioning administrative violation for execution
Within 02 working days, as from the day of issuing decisions sanctioning administrative violation with making records, competent persons having issued such sanctioning decisions must send to sanctioned individuals or organizations, agencies collecting fines and other relevant agencies (if any) for execution.
The decisions sanctioning administrative violation may be handed directly or through post in an assurance form and notifying to sanctioned individuals thereof.
In case a decision is handed directly but violated organization or individual deliberately does not receive such decision, competent person shall make record thereof with certification of local authority and it is considered that the decision has been handed.
For cases when sending through post in an assurance form, if within 10 days, since the sanctioning decision has been sent through post for the third time and be returned because violating individual or organization deliberately does not receive it; the sanctioning decision has been posted at the residence place of sanctioned individual, head office of sanctioned organization or there are grounds for presuming that the violator evades receiver of sanctioning decision, in such cases, it is considered that the decision has been handed.
Article 71. Transfer of sanctioning decisions for execution
1. In case individuals, organizations perform administrative violations in locals of this provincial level but being resident, placing office in locals of other provincial level and have no condition to serve sanctioning decision at sanctioned place, sanctioning decisions shall be transferred to agencies at the same level in places where individuals being resident, organizations placing head offices in order to organize execution; if places where individuals being resident, organizations placing head offices, have no agency at the same level, sanctioning decision shall be transferred to the district-level People’s Committees in order to organize execution.
2. If administrative violations happen in a district-level local but individuals being resident, organizations placing office in other district-level local and in scope of a province in mountainous areas, islands, remoted areas which is difficult for going and violated individuals or organizations have no condition to serve sanctioning decision at sanctioned place, the sanctioning decisions shall be transefered to agencies at the same level in place where individuals being resident, organizations placing office in order to organize execution.
3. Agencies having competence on sanctioning administrative violations for cases specified in clause 1 and clause 2 of this Article shall transfer entire dossier, related documents; material evidences and/or means used to commit administrative violations (if any) to agencies receiving sanctioning decisions for execution as prescribed by this Law. Violating individuals, organizations shall pay expenditures for transtort of dossiers, material evidences and/or means used to commit administrative violations.
Article 72. Public announcement by mass media on sanctioning with respect to individuals, organizations committing administrative violation
1. If commiting administrative violations on food safety; product and goods quality; pharmacy; medical treatment and examination; labor; construction; social insurance; health insurance; environmental protection; tax; securities; intellectual property; measurement; production and/or trading in counterfeits causing big consequences or bad affect in social opinion, agencies of persons competent to sanction administrative violations shall publish in sanction.
2. Content publicized includes individuals, organizations committing administration violation, violating acts, forms of sanctions and remedial measures.
3. The publication being performed on websites or news of Ministrial-level, Depeartment-level management agencies or provincial People’s Committees where happening administrative violations.
Article 73. Execution of decisions sanctioning administrative violation
1. Individual or organization being sanctioned administrative violations must serve sanctioning decision within 10 days, since receiving decision sanctioning administrative violation; if decision sanctioning administrative violation indicate time limit of execution more than 10 days, may execute under that time limit.
When individual or organization being sanctioned administrative violation complain, sue with respect to decision sanctioning administrative violation, the sanctioning decision must be executed, except for case specified in clause 3 Article 15 of this Law. Complaints, lawsuits shall be settled as prescribed by law.
2. The persons competent to sanction and have issued sanctioning decisions shall monitor, examinate sanctioning decisions’ execution of sanctioned individuals or organizations and notify result of finish decisions’ execution to agencies managing the database on handling administrative violations of the Ministry of Justice and local Justice agencies.
Article 74. Statute of limitations for executing decisions sanctioning administrative violations
1. Statute of limitations for executing decisions sanctioning administrative violations is 01 year, as from the day of issuing decision, past this time limit, not executing such decisions, unless the sanctioning decisions have forms of sanctions such as confiscating material evidences and/or
means used to commit administrative violations, applying remedial measures, in cases, must confiscate material evidences and/or means prohibited for cisculation, apply remedial measures in necessary cases in order to protect environment, ensure on construction, traffic, and order security, social safety.
2. If sanctioned individuals or organizations deliberately evade, postpone, the above-mentioned statute of limitations shall be calculated from time stopping actions of evading, postponing.
Article 75. Execution of decisions sanctioning administrative violation in case the sanctioned persons died, missed, sanctioned organizations dissolve or bankrupt
In case the sanctioned persons died, missed, sanctioned organizations dissolve or bankrupt, not execute decision on fines, but execute forms of sanctions such as confiscating material evidences and/or means used to commit administrative violations and remedial measures indicated in decisions.
The Government provides in details this Article.
Article 76. Postponing execution of decisions on fines
1. A decision on fines may be postponed for execution in case individual fined from 3,000,000 dong or more meeting special, unexpected economic difficulties due to disasters, fires, epidemics, dangerous diseases, accidents and certified by communal People’s Committees where that person resideor by agency or organization where that person studying, working.
2. The individual must have application for postponing decision sanctioning administrative violation and send it to agency of person having issued sanctioning decision. Within 05 days, as from the day of receiving application, the person who has issued sanctioning decision shall consider to decide postponing execution of that sanctioning decision.
Time limit postponing execution of sanctioning decision not exceeding 03 months, as from the day of postponing decision.
3. The individual being postponed execution of sanctioning decision may receive documents, material evidences and/or means used to commit administrative violations which have been impounded as prescribed in clause 6 Article 125 of this Law.
Article 77. Reduction, exemption of fines
1. Individuals in cases specified in clause 1 Article 76 of this Law having no capacity to serve decision, may be considered to reduce, exempt the remaining part of fines indicated in sanctioning decision.
2. The individuals specified in clause 1 of this Article must have application for reduction or exemption of the remaining part or entire of fines and send it to person having issued sanctioning decision. Within 03 days, as from the day of receiving application, the person who has issued sanctioning decision must transfer application enclosed dossiers of matters to the direct superior. Within 05 days, as from the day of receiving application, the direct superior must consider for decision and notify to the person who has issued sanctioning decision, person applying for reduction or exemption thereof; if not agree with reduction or exemption, must clearly sate reason.
If the President of the provincial People’s Committee has issued sanctioning decision, the provincial People’s Committee of that province shall consider for decision on reduction or exemption of fines.
3. The individual being reduced or exempted fines may receive documents, material evidences and/or means used to commit administrative violations which have been impounded as prescribed in clause 6 Article 125 of this Law.
Article 78. Procedures for paying fines
1. Within 10 days, since receiving sanctioning decision, sanctioned individuals or organizations must pay fines at State Treasuries or pay into account of State Treasuries indicated in sanctioning decision, unless having paid fines as specified in clause 2 and clause 3 of this Article. If past the above-mentioned time limit, they shall be enforced for execution of sanctioning decision and each late day of paying fines, violating individuals, organizations must pay additionally 0.05% on total fines have not yet paid.
2. In remote areas, border areas, mountainous areas where going meets difficulties, sanctioned individuals or organizations may pay fines for the persons with sanctioning competence. The persons with sanctioning competence shall collect fines on spot and remit at State Treasuries or into accounts of State Treasuries within 07 working days, as from the date of collecting fines.
In case sanction performed on sea or outside working hour, persons with sanctioning competence may collect directly fines and must remit at State Treasuries or remit into accounts of State Treasuries within 02 working days, as from the day coming ashore or collecting fines.
3. Individuals, organizations conducting administrative violation and being fined must pay fines one time, except for case specified in Article 79 of this Law.
All cases of collecting fines, the fine collectors shall hand vouchers colleting fines to individuals, organizations paying fines.
4. The Government provides in details this Article.
Article 79. Paying fines in many times
1. Paying fines in many times is applied when having the following conditions:
a) Being fined from 20,000,000 dong or more for individuals and from 200,000,000 dong or more for organizations;
b) Meeting special economic difficulties and having application for paying fines in many times. The application of an individual must be certified on circumstance facing special economic difficulties by communal People’s Committee where that person resideor agency, organization where that person studying, working; the application of an organization must be certified by the directly managing tax office or direct superior agency or organization.
2. Time limit of paying fines in many times not exceeding 06 months, since sanctioning decision takes effect; maximum number of times paying fines is not over 03 times.
The minimum level paying fines of the first time is 40% of total fines.
3. The person who has issued decision on fines, has right to decide paying fines in many times. The decision on paying fines in many times must be made in writing.
Article 80. Procedures for deprivation in a defined time limit of the right to use licenses, professional professional practice certificates or terminate operation in a defined time limit
1. Case of deprivation of the right to use licenses, professional professional practice certificates in a defined time limit indicated in sanctioning decision, persons with sanction competence shall collect and keep licenses, professional professional practice certificates and notify immediately to agencies have issued licenses, professional professional practice certificates threof. When ending time limit of deprivation of the right to use licenses, professional professional practice certificates indicated in sanctioning decision, persons with sanction competence shall hand over licenses, professional professional practice certificates to individuals, organizations have been deprived those licenses, professional professional practice certificates.
2. Case of termination in a defined time limit, violating individuals or organizations must stop immediately a part of or entire activities on production, business, service or other activities indicated in sanctioning decision.
3. In time of deprivation of the right to use licenses, professional professional practice certificates or termination of activities in a defined time limit, facilities doing in production, business, and service are not permitted to execute activities indicated in sanctioning decision.
4. For cases specified in clause 1 and clause 2 of this Article, if facilities doing in production, business, service have actual capacity causing consequences to human life and health, environment, the competent person must notify in writing on deprivation of the right to use licenses, professional professional practice certificates or termination of activities in a defined time limit to relevant agencies.
5. If detecting licenses, professional professional practice certificates granted ultra vires or contain illegal contents, the persons with sanctioning competence must perform withdrawal immediately intra vires, and must notify in writing to agencies which have granted those licenses, professional professional practice certificates; in case not under competence to withdraw, those persons must report to competent agencies for settlement.
Article 81. procedures for confiscation of material evidences and/or means of administrative violations
1. When confiscating material evidences and/or means of administrative violations as prescribed in Article 26 of this Law, the persons with sanctioning competence must make the record thereof. In the record must clearly indicate name, quantity, category, registration number (if any), conditions, quality of confiscated articles, money, goods, and/or means means of administrative violations and must have signature of person performing confiscation, sanctioned persons or representative of sanctioned organizations and the witnesses; if sanctioned persons or representative of sanctioned organizations are not absent, there must be two witnesses. For material evidences and means of administrative violations which need seal, the sealing must be carried out in front of the sanctioned persons or the representatives of the sanctioned organizations or the witnesses. The sealing must be recorded.
For temporary seized material evidences and means of administrative violations, when realizing that conditions of material evidences and means change comparing to time issuing decision on custody, persons with sanctioning competence must make record on these changes; the record must have signatures of the person making record, person in charge of custody and the witnesses.
2. The confiscated material evidences and/or means of administrative violations must be managed and preserved under regulation of the Goverment.
Article 82. Handling the confiscated material evidences and/or means of administrative violations
1. The confiscated material evidences and/or means of administrative violations shall be handled as follows:
a) For material evidences of administrative violations being Vietnam money, foreign currency, certificates of value, gold, silver, jewels, precious metals, they must be remitted into the State budget;
b) For papers, material, documents relating to material evidences and/or means used to commit administrative violations, they shall be transfer to agencies in charge of managing, using assets as prescribed in point d of this clause.
c) For material evidences and/or means used to commit administrative violations as drug, weapon, explosives, support tools, objects with history value, cultural value, national treasures, antiques, precious forestry product, objects being prohibited circulation and other assets, they shall be transfer to specialized state management agencies in order to manage, handle as prescribed by law;
d) For material evidences and/or means used to commit administrative violations which are transfered to state agencies for management and use under decision of competent authorities, agency having issued decision on confiscation shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with financial agency to organize transfer to state agency for management, use;
dd) For material evidences and/or means used to commit administrative violations which are confiscated not in cases specified in points a, b, c and d of this clause, hiring a professional auction organization in local of central-affiliated cities and provinces where happen violation act in order to implement auction; if fail to hire an auction organization, establishing a council for auction.
Auction of confiscated material evidences and/or means of administrative violations shall be implement under regulation of law on auction;
e) For confiscated material evidences and/or means of administrative violations which are useless or cannot to auction, agencies of competent persons having issued decision on confiscation must establish a handling council including relevant state agencies. Handling the confiscated material evidences and/or means of administrative violations must be made record with signatures of members of handling council. Methods, orders of, procedures for handling assets are implemented as prescribed by law on managing, using state assets.
2. Procedures for handling the confiscated material evidences and/or means of administrative violations specified in clause 1 of this Article shall be implemented as follows:
a) For cases specified in points a, b, c and d clause 1 of this Article, agency deciding confiscation shall make record of submitting, transferring material evidences and/or means. Handing over and receiving material evidences and/or means of administrative violations as prescribed in points a, b, c and d clause 1 of this Article must be implemented as prescribed by law on managing, using state assets;
b) For cases specified in point d clause 1 of this Article, the reserve price of auctioned asset when doing procedures for transfer shall be defined under Article 60 of this Law. If value of material evidences and/or means of administrative violations which has been defined, changes at time point of transfer, agency issuing decision on confiscation of material evidences and/or means of administrative violations shall decide establishments of council for evaluation of assets before doing procedures of transfer. Members of evaluation council as prescribed in clause 3 Article 60 of this Law.
3. Within 30 days, as from the day of decision on confiscation of material evidences and/or means of administrative violations, competent agencies must handle as prescribed in clause 1 of this Article. If passing this time limit, but not implement, the competent agencies shall be responsible before law.
4. Expenses for warehousing, yards and preservation of confiscated material evidences and means of administrative violations, charge of auction and other expenses compliable with law provisions shall be subtracted from the proceeds from the sale of confiscated material evidences and/or means of administrative violations.
The proceeds from the sale of confiscated material evidences and/or means of administrative violations after subtracting expenses as prescribed in this clause and compliable with law provisions, must be remit into the State budget.
Article 83. Management of the proceeds from sanctioning administrative violations, vouchers of collection, remittance of fines
1. The proceeds from sanctioning administrative violations include paid amount for administrative violation; paid amount due to late execution of decision on fines; amounts from sale, liquidation of the confiscated material evidences and/or means of administrative violations and other amounts.
2. All the proceeds from sanctioning administrative violations must be remitted in the State budget and be managed, used in accordance with provisions of law on the State budget.
Vouchers of collection, remittance of fines shall be managed under redulations of Government.
Article 84. Procedures for expulsion
1. Decision on expulsion must be notified before implementation to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the diplomatic mission, consular post of country of which person expelled is citizen or of country where that person have been resident before coming Vietnam.
2. The competent Police offices shall organize implementation of decision on expulsion, apply preventive measures and ensure handling administrative violations specified in Chapter I fourth part of this Law.
Article 85. Implementation of remedial measures
1. Time limit for implementation of remedial measures is performed under the decision on sanctioning administration violation or decision on applying remedial measures as prescribed in point b, clause 2, Article 28 of this Law.
2. Individuals, organizations conducting administrative violation shall implement remedial measures indicated in decision as prescribed by law and be liable to all expenses for implementation of those remedial measures.
3. The person having competence for issuance of decision shall monitor, expedite and inspect implementation of remedial measures being performed by individuals, organizations.
4. If fail to define subject of administrative violation as prescribed in clause 2 Article 65 of this Law or individual is die, lost or organizations is dissolved, bankrupt and having no organization receiving transfer of rights and obligations as prescribed in Article 75 of this Law, agencies where person having competence of sanction and handling dossier of administrative violation must organize implementation of remedial measures specified in clause 1, Article 28 of this Law.
Expenses for implementation of remedial measures which agency of person having competence for sanction issue decision for implementation are taken from reserve budget source allocated to that agency.
5. In emergency case, which needs overcome immediately consequence in order to protect environment, ensure traffic, agencies where person having competence of sanction and handling dossier of administrative violation shall organize implementation of remedial measures. Individuals, organizations committing administrative violation must repay expenditure to agencies having implemented remedial measures, if not repay, they shall be forced for implementation.
Section 3. COERCIVE EXECUTION OF DECISIONS SANCTIONING ADMINISTRATIVE VIOLATIONS Article 86. Coercive execution of decisions sanctioning administrative violations
1. Ccoercive execution of decisions sanctioning administrative violations is applied in case individuals, organizations sanctioned administrative violation fail to voluntarily execute the sanctioning decision as prescribed in Article 73 of this Article.
2. The coercive measures include:
a) Deducting part of wages or income, deducting money from bank accounts of violating individuals, organizations;
b) Distraining assets with value corresponding to the fine amount for auction;
c) Collecting money, assets of subjects forced for execution of decision on sanctioning administrative violation which are kept by other individuals, organizations if after violating, individuals, organizations deliberately disperse their assets.
d) Forcible application of remedial measures specified in clause 1 Article 28 of this Law.
3. The Government shall prescribe in details coercive execution of decisions sanctioning administrative violations.
Article 87. Competence to decide enforcement
1. The following persons having competent to issue decision on enforcement.
a) President of People’s Committee at levels;
b) The police post chiefs, district-level police chiefs, directors of Fire-Fighting Police Bureaus, directors of provincial police departments, director general of the Department of Internal Political Security, director general of the Department of Economic Security, director general of Department of Cultural and Ideology Security, director general of Deparment of Information Security, director general of the Police Department for Administrative Management of Social
Order, director general of the Police Department for Investigating Crimes on Social Order, director general of the Police Department for Investigating Crimes on Economic and Position Management Order, director general of the Police Department for Investigating Drug-related Crimes, director general of the Traffic Police Department for roadway, railway, director general of the Waterway Police Department, director general of the Police Department for Fire-fighting, Salvage and Rescue, director general of the Exit and Entry Management Department, director general of the Police Department for Justice Protection and Support, director general of the Police Department for Prevention and Combat of Environmental Crimes, director general of the Police Department for Prevention and Combat of Crimes Using Hi-tech;
c) Border Post chiefs, Border Guard Commanders of the Border-gate, Port, provincial-level Border Guard Commanders, Commanders of the Border Guard Fleets under the Border Guard Command; Coast Guard region commanders, director of the Coast Guard Department;
d) Customs Sub-Department heads, directors of provincial, inter-provincial Customs Deparment, directors of Post-Clearance Examination Department, directors of Anti-Smuggling Investigation Department under the General Department of Customs, director general of the General Department of Customs;
dd) Directors of the Ranger Sub-Departments, directors of the Ranger Departments;
e) Directors of taxation sub-department, directors of taxation department, director general of Taxation General Department;
g) Directors of Market Management sub-Department, directors of Market Management Department;
h) Director of the Overseas Laborers Management Department, the heads of diplomatic missions, consular posts, other agencies authorized to implement consular function of Vietnam overseas
i) The titles specified in clauses 2,3 and 4 Article 46 of this Law;
k) Directors of Maritime Port Authorities, directors of Inland River Port Authorities, Director of Airport Authorities;
l) The court presidents of district-lavel People’s Courts, court presidents of provincial People’s Courts, court presidents of regional Miliatry Courts, court presidents of Military Zone and equivalent Courts, presidents of specialized Courts of Supreme People’s Court; directors of Civil Judgment-Executing sub-departments, directors of Civil Judgment-Executing Departments, heads of the judgment executing bureaus of the military zone or equivalent level, director general of Civil Judgment-Executing general department.
2. The enforcement competent persons specified in clause 1 of this Article may delegate for their deputies. The delegating is just performed when the leaders being absent and must be presented in writing, in which clearly defining the delegated scope, content, time limit. The deputies being delegated must be responsible for their decisions before the leaders and before the law. The delegated persons are not allowed to further delegate or authorize for any other individual.
Article 88. Execution of coercive decision
1. Persons issuing coercive decisions shall immediately send coercive decisions to relevant individuals, organizations and implement the coercive execution for sanctioning decision of their own and their subordinates.
2. Individuals, organizations receiving the coercive decisions must strictly comply with coercive decisions and be liable to all expenses on implemenetation of coercive measures.
3. The responsibilities of agencies, organizations in coordination to implement coercive decisions:
a) The relevant individuals, organizations have obligation to coordinate with the persons having competence issuing coercive decisions to deploy measures aiming to implement coercive decisions;
b) The People Police Forces shall ensure order and safety in process of execution of coercive decisions of the President of the People’s Committee at the same level or coercive decisions or other state agencies as required;
c) The credit institutions where opening accounts of individuals, organizations being forced for execution must retain in accounts of those individuals, organizations an amount equivalent to the payable amount of individuals, organizations at the request of persons having competence to issue coercive decisions. If balance in deposit account is less than the amount which individuals, organizations being forced to pay, credit institutions still must retain and deduct to remit that amount. Within 05 working days before deducting and remitting, credit institutions shall notify to individuals, organizations being forced, deducting and remitting do not need their agreement.
The third part APPLICATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE HANDLING MEASURES
Chapter I THE ADMINISTRATIVE HANDLING MEASURES
Article 89. The measure of education at communes, wards, district towns
1. Education at communes, wards, district towns means administrative handling measure applied to subjects specified in Article 90 of this Article in order to educate, manage them at residence in case it is not necessary to isolate them from community.
2. The time limit for application of measure of education at communes, wards, district towns is between 03 months and 06 months.
Article 90. Subjects of application of measure of education at communes, wards, district towns
1. Persons aged between full 12 and under 14 who have intentionally committed acts with signs of very serious crimes prescribed in the Penal Code.
2. Persons aged between full 14 and under 16 who have intentionally committed acts with signs of serious crimes prescribed in the Penal Code.
3. Persons aged between full 14 and under 18, 02 times or more within 06 months, having committed acts of petty theft, petty swindle, petty gambling, causing public disorder, but not liable to criminal prosecutions.
4. Drug addicts aged full 18 or older, and having given stable residence places.
5. Persons aged full 18 or older, who have committed acts violating assets of agencies, organizations, assets, health, honor, dignity of citizens or foreigners, violating order, social security with 02 times or more in 06 months but not liable to criminal prosecutions.
6. The persons specified in clause 1, 2 and 3 of this Article but having no stable residence, shall be hand over social relief establishments or children assitance establishments in order to manage, educate in time limit of execution of measure of education at communes, wards, district towns.
Article 91. Measure of sending to reformatories
1. The sending to reformatories means a administrative handling measure applying to persons committing acts violating law specified in Article 92 of this Law aiming to help them to follow general education, apprentice, labor and have living activities under management and education of school
2. The time limit for application of measure sending to reformatory is between 06 months and 24 months.
Article 92. Subjects of application of measure sending to reformatories
1. Persons aged between full 12 and under 14 who have intentionally committed acts with signs of special serious crimes prescribed in the Penal Code.
2. Persons aged between full 14 and under 16 who have unintentionally committed acts with signs of very serious crimes prescribed in the Penal Code.
3. Persons aged between full 14 and under 16 who have intentionally committed acts with signs of serious crimes prescribed in the Penal Code and had previously been subject to the application of measure of education at communes, wards or district towns.
4. Persons aged between full 14 and under 18, 02 times or more within 06 months, having committed acts of petty theft, petty swindle, petty gambling, causing public disorder, but not liable to criminal prosecutions and had previously been subject to the application of measure of education at communes, wards or district towns.
5. Not applying measure sending to reformatories for the following cases:
a) Persons having no administrative liability capacity;
b) Pregnant women with certificate of hospital;
c) Being woman or sole person nurturing children under 36 months old certified by commune People’s Committee where that person is resident.
Article 93. Measure of sending to compulsory education establishments
1. The sending to compulsory education establishments means the administrative handling measure applied to person committing acts violating law specified in Article 94 of this Law in order to labor, follow general education, apprentice and have living activities under management of compulsory education establishments.
2. The time limit for application of measure sending to compulsory education establishments is between 06 months and 24 months.
Article 94. Subjects of application of measure sending to compulsory education establishments
1. Subjects to whom the measure of sending to compulsory education establishments shall apply are persons who have committed acts of infringing upon the properties of domestic or foreign organizations, the properties, health, honor and/or dignity of citizens or foreigners, breaking social order and safety regularly, with 02 times or more in 06 months but not to the extent of being examined for penal liability, and who have been subject to the application of measure of education at communes, wards or district towns or not yet subject to the application of this measure but have no stable residence places.
2. Not applying measure sending to compulsory education establishments for the following cases:
a) Persons having no administrative liability capacity;
b) Persons under 18 years old;
c) Women of over 55 and men of over 60 years old;
d) Pregnant women with certificate of hospital;
e) Being woman or sole person nurturing children under 36 months old certified by commune People’s Committee where that person is resident.
Article 95. Measure of sending to compulsory detoxification establishments
1. The sending to compulsory detoxification establishments means the administrative handling measure applied to person committing acts violating law specified in Article 96 of this Law in order to be medical treated, labor, follow general education, apprentice under management of compulsory detoxification establishments.
2. The time limit for application of measure sending to compulsory detoxification establishments is between 12 months and 24 months.
Article 96. Subjects of application of measure sending to compulsory detoxification establishments
1. Subjects of application of measure sending to compulsory detoxification establishments are Drug addicts aged full 18 or older having been subject to the application of measure of education at communes, wards or district towns but still addicted or not yet been subject to the application of this measure but have no stable residence places.
2. Not applying measure sending to compulsory detoxification establishments for the following cases:
a) Persons having no administrative liability capacity;
b) Pregnant women with certificate of hospital;
c) Being woman or sole person nurturing children under 36 months old certified by commune People’s Committee where that person is resident.
Chapter II PROCEDURES FOR COMPILATION OF DOSSIERS PROPOSING TO APPLY
ADMINISTRATIVE HANDLING MEASURES Article 97. Compilation of dossier proposing to apply measure of education at communes, wards, district towns
1. The commune-level police chiefs of place where the violators are subjects specified in Article 90 of this Law are resident or place where they have acts violating law, shall decide on application of measure of education at communes, wards or district townships on their own or at the request of The commune-level Fatherland Front Committee presidents or representatives of agencies, organizations, residential units at grassroots.
2. In case the violators are directly detected, investigated, handled by district Police agencies or provincial Police in cases of violating law, but not liable to criminal prosecutions and in subjects specified in Article 90 of this Law, the Police agencies
3. Application dossier comprises curriculum vitae, the documents on law offenses committed by such person, medical record (if any), statement of violator and other related documents.
For minors who are considered to apply measure of education at communes, wards, district towns, the dossier must have remarks of schools, agencies, organizations where minors studying, working (if any), comments of his/her parents or guardian.
4. After finishing the application dossier specified in clauses 1,2 and 3 of this Article, agencies have made dossiers must send them to commune-level the Presidents of the People’s Committee, and notify to person subject to such application. For minors, compilation of such dossiers shall be notified to his/her parents or guardian. These persons are entitled to read dossier and take necessary content record within 05 days, after receiving notification.
Article 98. Decision on application of measure of education at communes, wards, district towns
1. Within 15 days, after receiving dossier proposing for application of measure of education at communes, wards, district towns, the commune-level Presidents of the People’s Committee assign civil status-judicial officer to examine dossier and organize a consulting meeting.
The commune-level President of the People’s Committee shall assume the prime responsibility for the consulting meeting with participation of chieft of commune-level police officer, civil status-judicial officer, the representatives of Fatherland Front Committee and some relevant social organizations at same level, local residents. The person subject to application of measure of education at communes, wards, district towns and his/her parents or guardian must be invited to take part in the meeting and express their opinions on measure application.
2. Within 03 days, after ending the consulting meeting specified in clause 1 of this Article, the commune-level Presidents of the People’s Committee shall consider to decide application of measure of education at communes, wards, and district towns. Depending on each subjects, the commune-level Presidents of the People’s Committee shall decide on handing the persons need be educated to agencies, organizations, their family for management and education; in case subjects have no stable residence, the social relief establishments or children assistance establishments shall be handed for management and education.
3. Decision on application of measure on education at communes, wards, district towns must clearly state the dates of issuance; the full name and positions of the decision issuers; the full names, date of birth and residence of the persons subject to education , the acts of law violation committed by such persons; clauses of legal documents to be applied, places where the violations are committed; the time limits for application, the date of execution; duties of agencies, organizations,family handed for education, management of persons subject to education ; rights to complaint, initiate lawsuits as prescribed by law.
4. The decision on application of measure of education at communes, wards, district towns shall take effect since day of signing and must be immediately sent to the persons subject to education , his/her family, the commune-level People’s Council and relevant agencies, organizations.
5. Dossiers of application of measure of Education at communes, wards, district towns must be filled in book of records and archived as prescribed by law on archive.
Article 99. Compilation of dossier proposing for application of measure sending to reformatories
1. Compilation of dossier proposing for application of measure sending to reformatories with respect to subjects specified in Article 92 of this Law shall be performed as follows:
a) For violators being minors with stable residence, the commune-level president of People’s Committee where such persons being resident, shall compile dossier proposing for application of measure sending to reformatories.
The proposal dossier comprises curriculum vitae, the documents on law offenses committed by violator, education measures have been applied; statement of violator, comments of his/her parents or legal representatives, comments of school, agency, organization where the minor studying or working (if any) and other related documents;
b) For violators being minors without stable residence, the commune-level president of People’s Committee where such persons committing acts violating law, shall compile dossier proposing for application of measure sending to reformatories.
The proposal dossier comprises record of offenses; curriculum vitae; documents on law offenses committed by violator, the extracts of previous judgments, previous incidents; education measures have been applied (if any); statement of violator, comments of his/her parents or legal representatives;
c) The commune-level police office shall help the President of the People’s Committee at same level to collect documents and compile the proposing dossier specified in point a and point b clause 1 of this Article.
2. In case the violator being minor who is directly detected, investigated, handled by district or provincial-level Police in cases of violating law, but not liable to criminal prosecutions and in subjects specified sending to reformatories as prescribed in Article 92 of this Law, the Police agency handling cases shall verify, gather documents and compile dossier proposing for application of measure sending to reformatories with respect to such person.
The proposal dossier comprises curriculum vitae; documents on law offenses committed by violator, education measures have been applied, statement of violator, comments of his/her parents or legal representatives;
3. After finishing the proposing dossier compilation specified in clauses 1 and 2 of this Article, agencies have made dossiers must notify to person being proposed for application, his/her parents or legal representatives about dossier compilation. These persons are entitled to read dossier and take necessary content record within 05 days, after receiving notification. After the applied person, his/her parents or legal representatives have read dossier, dossier shall be sent to the head of district-level Justice division.
Within 05 days, after receiving dossier, the head of district-level Justice Division shall examine legality of dossier and send it to the police head at same level.
Article 100. Consideration, decision for transferring dossier and proposing the district-level People’s Court for application of measure sending to reformatories
1. Within 07 days, after receiving dossier specified in Article 99 of this Law, the district-level Police head shall consider and decide on transferring dossier to suggest the district-level People’s Court to apply measure sending to reformatories; if dossier is not sufficient, it shall be re- transferred to agency having compiled to continue gathering documents for supplement of dossier.
2. The dossier proposing the district-level People’s Court for consideration and decision on application of measure sending to reformatories comprises:
a) Dossier proposing for application of measure sending to reformatories specified in Article 99 of this Law;
b) A written document of the district-level Police head on proposing for consideration on application of measure sending to reformatories.
3. Dossiers proposing application of measure sending to reformatories must be filled in book of records and archived as prescribed by law on archive.
Article 101. Compilation of dossier proposing application of measure sending to compulsory education establishments
1. Compilation of dossier proposing for application of measure sending to compulsory education establishments with respect to subjects specified in Article 94 of this Law shall be performed as follows:
a) For violators with stable residence, the commune-level president of People’s Committee where such persons being resident, shall compile dossier proposing for application of measure sending to compulsory education establishment.
The proposal dossier comprises curriculum vitae; documents on law offenses committed by violator, education measures have been applied, statement of violator or his/her legal representatives and other related documents;
b) For persons who are not resident in place acts of law violation have been committed, the commune-level President of the People’s Committee must verify; if residence is defined, such persons shall be transfer enclosed with violation record to his/her local for handling; if residence is not defined, such persons shall be compiled dossier proposing application of measure sending to compulsory education establishment.
The proposal dossier comprises record of offenses; curriculum vitae; documents on law offenses committed by violator, the extracts of previous judgments, previous incidents; education measures have beed applied (if any); statement of violator or his/her legal representatives;
c) The commune-level police office shall help the President of the People’s Committee at same level to gather documents and compile the proposing dossier specified in point a and point b clause 1 of this Article.
2. In case the violator being directly detected, investigated, handled by district or provincial-level Police in cases of violating law, but not liable to criminal prosecutions and in subjects spending to compulsory education establishments as prescribed in Article 94 of this Law, the Police agency handling cases shall verify, gather documents and compile dossier proposing for application of measure sending to compulsory education establishments with respect to such person.
The proposal dossier comprises curriculum vitae; documents on law offenses committed by violator, education measures have been applied, statement of violator or his/her legal representatives;
3. After finishing the proposing-dossier compilation specified in clauses 1 and 2 of this Article, agency has made dossiers must notify to person being proposed for application or legal representatives about dossier compilation. These persons are entitled to read dossier and take necessary content record within 05 days, after receiving notification. After the apllied persons or their representatives have read dossier, dossier shall be send to the head of district-level Justice division.
Within 05 days, after receiving dossier, the head of district-level Justice Division shall examine legality of dossier and send it to the police head at same level.
Article 102. Consideration, decision for transferring dossier and proposing the district-level People’s Court for application of measure sending to compulsory education establishments
1. Within 07 days, after receiving dossier specified in Article 101 and 118 of this Law, the district-level Police head shall decide on transferring dossier to suggest the district-level People’s Court to apply measure sending to compulsory education establishment; if dossier is not sufficient, it shall be re-transferred to agency having compiled to continue gathering documents for supplement of dossier.
2. The dossier proposing the district-level People’s Court for consideration and decision on application of measure sending to compulsory education establishments comprises:
a) Dossier proposing for application of measure sending to compulsory education establishments specified in Article 101 and 118 of this Law;
b) A written document of the district-level Police head on proposing for consideration on application of measure sending to compulsory education establishment.
3. Dossiers proposing application of measure sending to compulsory education establishments must be filled in book of records and archived as prescribed by law on archive.
Article 103. Compilation of dossier proposing application of measure sending to compulsory detoxification establishments
1. Compilation of dossier proposing for application of measure sending to compulsory detoxification establishments with respect to drug addicts specified in Article 96 of this Law shall be performed as follows:
a) For drug addicts with stable residence, the commune-level president of People’s Committee where such persons being resident, shall compile dossier proposing for application of measure sending to compulsory detoxification establishment.
The proposal dossier comprises curriculum vitae; documents proving the current drug addiction of such person, documents proving such person have been applied measure of education at communes, wards, district towns on act of drug addiction, statement of the violator or legal representatives and other related documents;
b) For drug addicts who are not resident in place acts of law violation have been committed by them, the commune-level President of People’s Committee must verify; if residence is defined, such persons shall be transfer enclosed with violation record to his/her local for handling; if residence is not defined, such persons shall be compiled dossier proposing application of measure sending to compulsory detoxification establishment.
The proposal dossier comprises violation record, curriculum vitae; documents proving the current drug addiction of such person, documents proving such person have been applied measure of education at communes, wards, district towns on act of drug addiction, statement of the drug addicts;
c) The commune-level police office shall help the President of the People’s Committee at same level to gather documents and compile the proposing dossier specified in clause 1 and clause 2 of this Article.
2. In case the violating drug addicts who is directly detected, investigated, handled by district or provincial-level Police in cases of violating law, are subjects sending to compulsory detoxification establishments as prescribed in Article 96 of this Law, the Police agency handling cases shall verify, gather documents and compile dossier proposing for application of measure sending to compulsory detoxification establishments with respect to such person.
The proposal dossier comprises curriculum vitae; documents proving the current drug addiction of such person, documents proving such person have been applied measure of education at communes, wards, district towns on act of drug addiction, statement of the violator or legal representatives;
3. After finishing the proposing-dossier compilation specified in clauses 1 and 2 of this Article, agency has made dossiers must notify to person being proposed for application or his/her legal representatives about dossier compilation. These persons are entitled to read dossier and take necessary content record within 05 days, after receiving notification. After the applied person or his/her legal representatives have read dossier, dossier shall be sent to the head of district-level Justice division.
Within 05 days, after receiving dossier, the head of district-level Justice Division shall examine legality of dossier and send it to the head of Labour, War Invalids and Social Affairs division at same level.
Article 104. Consideration, decision for transferring dossier and proposing the district-level People’s Court for application of measure sending to compulsory detoxification establishments
1. Within 07 days, after receiving dossier specified in Article 103 of this Law, the head of Labour, War Invalids and Social Affairs division shall decide on transferring dossier to suggest the district-level People’s Court to apply measure sending to compulsory detoxification establishment; if dossier is not sufficient, it shall be re-turned to agency having compiled to continue gathering documents for supplement of dossier.
2. The dossier proposing the district-level People’s Court for consideration and decision on application of measure sending to compulsory detoxification establishments comprises:
a) Dossier proposing for application of measure sending to compulsory detoxification establishments specified in Article 103 of this Law;
b) A written document of the head of Labour, War Invalids and Social Affairs division on proposing for consideration on application of measure sending to compulsory detoxification establishment.
3. Dossiers proposing application of measure sending to compulsory detoxification establishments must be filled in book of records and archived as prescribed by law on archive.
Chapter III AUTHORITIES, PROCEDURES FOR CONSIDERATION, DECISION ON
APPLICATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE HANDLING MEASURES Article 105. Authorities for decision on application of administrative handling measures
1. The Presidents of commune-level People’s Committee have authorities for decision on application of measure of education at communes, wards, district towns.
2. The district-level People’s Courts have authorities for decision on application of measure sending to reformatories, sending to compulsory education establishment, sending to compulsory detoxification establishment.
Article 106. Orders of, procedures for consideration, decision on application of administrative handling measures
The National Assembly Standing Committee shall prescribe order of and procedures for People’s Courts in consideration and decision on application of measure sending to reformatories, sending to compulsory education establishment, sending to compulsory detoxification establishment.
Chapter IV EXECUTION OF DECISION ON APPLICATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE HANDLING
MEASURES Article 107. Sending decision on application of measure sending to reformatories, sending to compulsory education establishments and sending to compulsory detoxification establishments for execution
Within 03 days, since the decision on application of administrative handling measure takes effect, People’s Court having issued decision must send to the applied person, the district-level police head and head of district-level Labour, War Invalids and Social Affairs division where sending dossier proposing for application of administrative handling measure, the commune- level People’s Committee where such person resideand relevant agencies for implementation as prescribed by law; decision on application of measure sending to reformatories is sent to his/her parents or legal representatives.
Article 108. The statute of limitations for execution of decision on application of administrative handling measures
1. Decision on application of measure of education at communes, wards, district towns and decision on application of measure sending to reformatories are expired after 06 months, since decisions take effect.
2. Decisions on application of measure sending to compulsory eductational establishments and decisions on application of measure sending to compulsory detoxification establishments are expired after 01 year, since decisions take effect.
3. In case person having to execute decision deliberately evade execution, statute of limitations specified in clause 1 and clause 2 of this Article shall be calculated since act of evasion is terminated.
Article 109. Execution of decision on application of measure of education at communes, wards, district towns
1. After receiving decision on application of measure of education at communes, wards, district towns, agencies, organizations being handed education, management shall:
a) To organize implementation of measure of education at communes, wards, district towns with respect to the educted person;
b) To assign a person to directly help the persons subject to education ;
c) To fill in monitoring boor and periodically report to the President of commune-level People’s Committee on implementation of decision on education at communes, wards, district towns;
d) To help, encourage the persons subject to education , and propose to the commune-level People’s Committee for facilitating for them to find employments.
2. The person assigned to help must have plans on management, education and assistance for educted perdon and be enjoyed supportive budget for management, education and assistance as prescribed by law.
3. The persons subject to education must commit in writing on servicing decision on education at communes, wards, district towns;
4. Families of persons subject to education are responsible for strict coordination with person assigned to help in managing and educating the persons subject to education.
Article 110. Execution of decisions on sending to reformatories, decisions on sending to compulsory education establishments, decisions on sending to compulsory detoxification establishments
1. Within 05 days, after receiving decisions on sending to reformatories, decisions on sending to compulsory education establishments or decisions on sending to compulsory detoxification establishments, agencies having sent dossier shall organize implementation as follows:
a) The district-level police handing person must service decision on sending to reformatories, compulsory education establishments;
b) The Labour, War Invalids and Social Affairs division coordinate with district Police handing person to serve decision on sending to compulsory detoxification establishments.
2. The time limit of execution of decisions is calculated as from the day of the person who must obey decision is impounded for sending to reformatories, compulsory educational establishments, or compulsory detoxification establishments.
3. The Government shall prescribe in details implementation of decisions on sending to reformatories, decisions on sending to compulsory educational establishments, decisions on sending to compulsory detoxification establishments.
Article 111. Delaying or exemption of execution of decision on sending to reformatories, compulsory education establishments, compulsory detoxification establishments
1. The persons who must execute decision but have not sent to reformatories, compulsory educational establishments, compulsory detoxification establishments, may be delayed execution of decisions in the following cases:
a) Being seriously sick with certificate of hospital;
b) The family is meeting special difficulties and certified by president of commune-level People’s Committee where such person reside.
When condition for delaying execution of decision no longer exist, the decisions shall continue to be executed.
2. The persons who must execute decision but have not sent to reformatories, compulsory educational establishments, compulsory detoxification establishments, may be exempted for execution of decisions in the following cases:
a) Getting dangerous sick with certificate of hospital;
b) In period of delaying execution of decision specified in clause 1 of this Article, that person has marked progress in execution of law or record merits or no longer addicted drug;
c) Being pregnant with certificate of hospital;
3. The district-level People’s Courts having issued decision on application of measure sending to reformatories, sending to compulsory education establishments, sending to compulsory detoxification establishments shall consider, decide on delaying or exemption of execution on the basis of application of the person who must execute decision or his/her legal representatives; in necessary case, shall request agency having sent proposing dossier for opinion before deciding.
Decision on exemption or delaying execution must be sent to the agency implementing decision, the person who must execute decision; in case minors being delayed, exempted execution of decision on sending to reformatories, the decision must be sent to his/her parents or legal representatives.
Article 112. Reduction of time limit for, temporary suspension of, or exemption from, serving the remaining duration in reformatories, compulsory educational establishments, compulsory detoxification establishments
1. Persons who are serving decisions at reformatories, compulsory educational establishments, compulsory detoxification establishments and have served half of their terms, if making marked progress or recording merits, shall be considered for partly reduction of, or exemption from serving the remaining duration.
2. Where the persons serving decisions at reformatories, compulsory educational establishments, compulsory detoxification establishments are seriously ill and sent back to their families for treatment, they shall be temporarily suspended from serving the decisions; the medical treatment
duration shall be counted into the decision-serving duration; if after their recovery from ailment the remaining serving duration is three months or more, such persons must continue to serve the decisions at the establishments; if in time of temporary suspension, such person has marked progress or record merits, shall be considered for exemption from serving the remaining duration. Persons getting dangerous diseases and pregnant women are exempt from serving the remaining duration.
3. The district-level People’s Court where having reformatories, compulsory educational establishments, compulsory detoxification establishments decide reduction of time limit of, temporary suspension of, or exemption from serving specified in clause 1 and clause 2 of this Article on the basis of proposal of principals of the reformatories, directors of compulsory educational establishments, directors of compulsory detoxification establishments.
Decision on temporary suspension of or exemption from serving decision on application of measure sending to reformatories, sending to compulsory education establishments, sending to compulsory detoxification establishments shall be sent to People’s Court where issuing decision, agency having sent the proposing dossier, commune-level People’s Committee where such person reside, reformatories, compulsory education establishments, compulsory detoxification establishments, person who being temporarily suspended or exempted and his/her family.
4. Subjects being serious sick, getting dangerous sick and fail to define his/her residence in case being temporarily suspended execution of decision or exempted from execution of remaining duration specified in clause 2 of this Article, shall be send back local medical establishments where reformatories, compulsory education establishments, compulsory detoxification establishments placing headquarters.
Article 113. Managing persons who are delayed or temporarily suspended execution of decision on application of measure sending to reformatories, sending to compulsory education establishment or sending to compulsory detoxification establishment
1. Persons who are delayed or temporarily suspended execution of decision on application of measure sending to reformatories, sending to compulsory education establishments or sending to compulsory detoxification establishments have responsibitity for presenting to the commune- level People’s Committee where they reside.
2. In time being delayed or temporarily suspended execution of decision on sending to reformatories, sending to compulsory education establishments, if such person continue committing acts of law violation which have been handled or there are grounds for presuming that such person flee, the district-level People’s Court having issued decision on delaying or temporarily suspended shall cancel such decision and issue decision on compulsory execution of the decision on sending to reformatories, decision on sending to compulsory education establishments.
In time being delayed or temporarily suspended execution of decision on sending to compulsory detoxification establishments, if such person continue using drug or there are grounds for presuming that such person flee, the district-level People’s Court having issued decision on delaying or temporarily suspended shall cancel such decision and issue decision on compulsory execution of decision on sending to compulsory detoxification establishments.
3. Decisions on compulsorily executing decision on sending to reformatories, sending to compulsory education establishments or sending to compulsory detoxification establishments
and sending to compulsory detoxification establishments shall be sent to police agency at same level in local where the People’s Court has been issued decision. Rightly after receiving decision, the police agency must organize excorting subjects.
Article 114. Expiring time limit for execution of decision on application of administrative handling measures
1. When an violator have executed decision on education at communes, wards, district towns, the commune-level president People’s Committee shall issue a certificate for such person and send a copy to his/her family.
2. When an violator have executed decision on sending to reformatories, sending to compulsory education establishments, sending to compulsory detoxification establishments, the principal of reformatory, director of compulsory education establishments, director of compulsory detoxification establishments shall issue a certificate for such person and send a copy to his/her family, the district-level People’s Court where having issued decision, agency managing reformatories, compulsory education establishments, compulsory detoxification establishments, commune-level People’s Committee where such person resides.
3. If the subject who fails to define residence is minor or ill without labor ability, after expiring time limit for execution of measure on sending to reformatories, sending to compulsory education establishments, sending to compulsory detoxification establishments shall be sent to social relief establishments in localities where reformatories, compulsory education establishments, compulsory detoxification establishments set headquater.
Chapter V OTHER PROVISIONS RELATING TO APPLICATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE
HANDLING MEASURES Article 115. Temporarily taking person who is executing measure sending to reformatories, sending to compulsory education establishment or sending to compulsory detoxification establishment out of the execution place of administrative handling measures at the request of criminal proceedings agencies
1. At the request of competent criminal proceedings agencies, principal of reformatory, director of compulsory education establishment, director of compulsory detoxification establishment decide on temporarily taking person who is executing administrative handling measures out of the execution place of such measures in order to take part in legal proceedings in lawsuits related to such person.
2. The temporary duration of taking out of the place executing administrative handling measures shall be counted in the time limit of executing such measure.
Article 116. Transfering dossiers of subjects be subject to the application of other administrative handling measures with criminal signs for criminal prosecution
1. When considering dossier of subjects to decide application of administrative handling measures, if deem acts of violations committed by such person with criminal signs, the competent persons must immediately transfer dossier to the competent criminal proceedings agencies.
2. For cases having issued decision on application of administrative handling measures, if after that, detecting acts of violations committed by the persons subject to application with criminal signs, and statute of limitations of criminal prosecution is not expired, the President of the People’s Committee or People’s Court having issued decision on application of administrative handling measures must cancel such decision and within 03 days, as from the day of canceling decision, dossier of subject must be transfer to the competent criminal proceedings agencies.
Where the imprisonment sentence was imposed by courts, the duration of serving the measures of sending to reformatories, compulsory education establishments or compulsory detoxification establishments shall be counted into the duration of serving the imprisonment penalty. 1.5 days of serving the measure of sending to reformatories, compulsory education establishments or compulsory detoxification establishments are calculated as equal to 01 day of serving the imprisonment sentence
Article 117. Prosecution of penal liability for criminal acts committed before or during the time of serving the other administrative handling measures
Where the persons to whom other administrative handling measures have been applied are detected as having committed criminal acts before or during the time of serving the decisions thereon, at the requests of the competent criminal proceeding bodies, the commune-level president of People’s commitee where executing measures of education at communes, wards, district towns or principals of reformatories, directors of compulsory education establishments, directors of compulsory detoxification establishments must issue decisions to temporarily suspend the execution of decisions against such persons and transfer their dossiers to the criminal proceeding bodies; where such persons have been sentenced to imprisonment by courts, they shall be exempt from serving the remaining duration in the decisions on the application of other administrative handling measures; if the applied penalties are not the imprisonment penalty, those persons shall possibly have to continue serving the decisions on application of other administrative handling measures.
Article 118. Handling cases where a person is subject to both the sending into an compulsory education establishment and the sending into a compulsory detoxification establishment
1. In cases where a person has committed law violation acts, being subject to the sending into compulsory education establishment and also to compulsory detoxification establishment, the competent body shall only apply the measure of sending him/her into a compulsory detoxification establishment.
2. A drug addict who is classified as a dangerous gangster shall be confined to a compulsory educational establishment. The compulsory education establishment shall also help detoxify drug addicts.
3. In the period of detoxification and rehabilitation, lf persons who are staying in a compulsory detoxification establishment commit acts in violation of provisions in Article 94 of this Law, they shall be confined to an educational establishment.
Directors of compulsory detoxification establishments shall compile dossiers of proposal to confine to a compulsory educational establishment for persons who commit acts specified in paragraph 1 of this clause on the basis of their existing dossiers and records of new acts of violations and send them to district-level Police head where has compulsory educational
establishment. The district-level Police head shall take opinion of head of Justice Division about legality of dossier before considering and sending dossier proposing People’s Court where having the compulsory detoxification establishment for decision on application of measure sendng to compulsory detoxification establishment
The procedures for consideration and application of measure sending to the compulsory educational establishment for this subject shall comply with regulation of law.
The forth part THE MEASURES TO PREVENT ADMINISTRATIVE VIOLATIONS AND ENSURE
THE HANDLING THEREOF Chapter I
GENERAL PROVISION ON THE MEASURES TO PREVENT ADMINISTRATIVE VIOLATIONS AND ENSURE THE HANDLING THEREOF
Article 119. The measures to prevent administrative violations and ensure the handling thereof
In case need timely prevent administrative violations or in order to ensure the handling of administrative violations, the competent persons may apply the following measures according to administrative procedures:
1. Custody of involved persons;
2. Escorting the violator;
3. Custody of material evidences and/or means of the administrative violations, permits, or professional practice certificates;
4. Body search;
5. Inspection of transport means and objects;
6. Search of places where material evidences and/or means of administrative violations are hidden;
7. Management of foreigners who have violated Vietnamese law while the expulsion procedures are carried out;
8. Assigning family, organization to manage the person who is proposed to apply the administrative handling measures while the procedures for application of administrative handling measures are carried out;
9. Hunting for subjects who have to serve decisions on sending to reformatories, compulsory education establishments or compulsory detoxification establishments if they escape.
Article 120. The application principles of measures to prevent administrative violations and ensure the handling thereof
1. When applying measures to prevent administrative violations and ensure the handling thereof, the competent persons must strictly obey by provisions on artices from 120 to 132 of this Law, if violating, they shall be handled as prescribed by law.
2. Just applying measures to prevent administrative violations and ensure the handling thereof in necessary cases as prescribed in Chapter II of this part.
3. The person who issuring decision on applying measures to prevent administrative violations and ensure the handling thereof, must be responsible for his/her decision.
4. Using weapon, supporting tools in application of measures to prevent administrative violations and ensure the handling thereof, must be comply with provisions of law.
Article 121. The cancellation or replacement of measures to prevent administrative violations and ensure the handling thereof
1. In case application of measures to prevent administrative violations and ensure the handling thereof is not conformable to purpose and application condition as prescribed by this Law, the decision on application of such measure must be cancelled.
2. The persons who have authority to decide application of measures to prevent administrative violations and ensure the handling thereof shall decide cancellation of measures to prevent administrative violations when such measures are not neccesary or replace them by other an other measures to prevent administrative violations.
Chapter II THE AUTHORITIES OF AND PROCEDURES FOR APPLICATION OF MEASURES TO PREVENT ADMINISTRATIVE VIOLATIONS AND ENSURE THE HANDLING
THEREOF Article 122. Custody of involved persons according to administrative procedures
1. Custody of involved persons according to administrative procedures is just applied in cases need prevent, stop immediately acts causing public disturbance, causing injury to other persons.
2. All cases of human custody must be decided in writing and copies of the decisions must be handed over to the persons subject to custody, each with one copy thereof.
3. The time limit for human custody according to administrative procedures must not exceed 12 hours; in case of necessity, the custody time limit can be prolonged but must not exceed 24 hours as from the starting time of custody of the violators;
For persons who violate border regulations or commit administrative violations in distant, secluded mountain or island areas, the custody time limit may be longer, but must not exceed 48 hours as from the starting time of custody of the violators;
For the person who be kept on airplane or ship must transfer immediately to competent agencies when the airplane landed airport or ship arrived port.
4. At the request of person in custody, the person issuing decision on custody must notify to his/her family, organization where working or studying there of. In case custody of minors committed administrative violations atnoght or custody over 06 hours, the person issuing decision on custody must notify immediately to their parents or guardian thereof.
5. The places used for custody person according to administrative procedures are administrative custody house or room which is arranged in headoffice of agencies, units where working of person having authority for issuance of decision on custody of administrative violation persons.
If there is no administrative custody house or room, custody places may be watchkeeping rooms or other rooms in working place, but must ensure general provisions.
Agencies with function of preventing law violations which must regularly keep persons committed administrative violations in custody need arrange, design and build the administrative custody houses or private rooms, which need have separate custody places for minors, woman or foreigners and must have specialized officers to manage and protect.
For airplanes, ships, trains which have left out airports, harbors, stations, depending on specific condition and subjects committed violations, the commanders of airplanes, captains, heads of train shall decide the custody places and assign person to be in charge of custody.
6. To strictly prohibite custody of persons committed administrative violations in criminal custody rooms, detaining rooms or places not ensure hygien, safety for the person subject to custody.
7. The Government shall prescribe custody of involved persons according to administrative procedures.
Article 123. Authorities of custody of involved persons according to administrative procedures
1. In cases a person has acts causing public disturbance, causing injury to other persons specified in clause 1 Article 122 of this Law, the following persons have right to decide custody of involved persons according to administrative procedures.
a) Presidents of commune-level People’s Committee, ward police heads;
b) District Police Heads;
c) The heads of the Police Bureaus for Administrative Management of Social Order, heads of the Police Bureaus for order, heads of the Police Bureaus for traffic in roadway, railway, heads of the Police Bureaus for waterway, heads of the Police Bureaus for Investigating Drug-related Crimes, heads of Exit and Entry Management Bureaus under provincial-level Police Department; heads of the Police Bureaus for Criminal-Judgment Execution and Justice Support, heads of the Police Bureaus for Prevention and Combat of Environmental Crimes;
d) Heads of Mobile Police units of the company or higher level, heads of the Police Stations at border gates;
dd) The heads of the Ranger units, leaders of the Mobile Ranger teams;
e) The heads of the Customs Sub- Departments, the leaders of the Control Teams of the Customs Departments, the leaders of the Anti-Smuggling Inspection Teams and the leaders of the sea patrol flotillas under the Anti-Smuggling Investigation Department of the General Department of Customs;
g) The leaders of the Market Management teams;
h) The commanders of the border sub-regions, the commanders of the port border-gate, the commanders of the border fleets, commanders of the border flotillas, the heads of the border posts and the commanders of the border guard units stationing in border and island regions;
i) Commanders of the Coast Guard flotillas, fleets, regional commnaders of coast guard;
k) Airplane or ship captains or heads of trains when airplanes or ships leave airports or sea ports, stations;
l) The judges chairing the court sessions.
2. The persons competent to custody of involved persons specified from a to i clause 1 of this Article may delegate for their deputies. The delegating is just performed when the leaders being absent and must be presented in writing, in which clearly defining the delegated scope, content, time limit. The deputies being delegated must be responsible for their decisions before the leaders and before the law. The delegated persons are not allowed to further delegate or authorize for any other individual.
Article 124. Escorting the violators
1. If the violators not voluntarily observe the request of competent persons, they shall be escorted in the following cases:
a) Being subject to custody of involved persons according to administrative procedures;
b) Sending back to reformatories, compulsory education establishments, compulsory detoxification establishments as prescribed in clause 2, Article 132 of this Law.
2. The competent persons on duty implement escorting the violators.
3. The Government provides in details escorting the violators.
Article 125. Custody of material evidences and/or means of the administrative violations, permits, professional practice certificates according to administrative procedures
1. The custody of material evidences and/or means of the administrative violations, permits, and professional practice certificates according to administrative procedures are applied just in the following realy necessary cases:
a) In order to certify facts which if not custody, there shall be not base to issue sanctioning decision. In case custody for evaluate material evidences of the administrative violations serve as basic to define the fine bracket, the authority to impose sanctions, provisions of clause 3, article 60 of this Law shall be applied;
b) In order to prevent immediately acts of administrative violations which if not custody, may cause serious consequences for society;
c) In order to ensure execution of decisions sanctioning administrative violation as prescribed in clause 6 of this Article.
2. The custody of material evidences and/or means of the administrative violations specified in clause 1 of this Article must be terminated right after verifying facts as the basis for deciding sanction, the violation acts no longer cause danger for society or the sanctioning decision is executed.
In case being allow to pay fines for many times as prescribed in Article 79 of this Law, after paying fines for first time, the violator may be receive material evidences and/or means of the administrative violations subject to custody.
3. The persons competent to apply sanctions forms of custody of material evidences and/or means of administrative violations as prescribed in Chapter II, the second Part of this Law shall have authority to custody of material evidences and/or means used for administrative violations.
4. In cases there are grounds to assume that if not custody immediately, material evidences and/or means of administrative violations may be dispersed, destroyed, the direct heads of people’s police officers, police members of the Coast Guard, the Border guard combatants, ranger officers, customer officials, market controllers who are on official duty must perform immediately custody of material evidences and/or means of administrative violations. Within 24 hours, after making records, the record makers must report to their heads who are persons competent to custody of material evidences and/or means of administrative violations specified in clause 1 of this Article, in order to consider and issue decision on custody; for cases material evidences are perishable goods, the persons who are temporarily keeping goods must report immediately to their heads for settlement, if let goods be spoiled or lost, they must pay compensation as prescribed by law. If not issuing decision on custody, material evidences and/or means of administrative violations subject to custody must be repay back immediately.
5. The persons who issuing decision on custody of material evidences and means of administrative violations, shall preserve such material evidences and means of administrative violations. In case material evidences and means of administrative violations are lost, sold, swapped or faulted, their components are lost, replaced, the person who issuing decision on custody of material evidences and means of administrative violations, must have responsibility for paying compensation and handled as prescribed by law.
Where the material evidences and/or means need to be sealed, the sealing thereof must be conducted immediately in front of the violators; if the violators are absent, the sealing must be conducted in front of their families' representatives, organizations’ representatives, the administrations’ representatives and the witnesses.
The custody of material evidences and/or means of administrative violations must be effected by written decisions which must be enclosed with records on the custody and handed over to the violators or representatives of the violating organizations, each with one copy thereof.
6. Where the sanctioning form of fine is applied only to violating individuals or organizations, the persons with sanctioning competence may temporarily seize one of papers of kinds under order as follows: the driving licenses or permits for circulation of means or other necessary relevant papers related to material evidences and/or means of violations until such individuals or organizations completely execute the sanctioning decisions. If the violating individuals or organizations do not have the above-mentioned papers, the persons with sanctioning competence may temporarily seize the material evidences and/or means of violations, except for case specified in clause 10 of this Article.
7. The individuals, organizations violating administrative violations in cases subject to application of forms of sanctions of depriving the right to use permits, professional practice certificates may be temporarily seized permits, professional practice certificates in order to ensure execution of sanctioning decision. The temporarily seizing permits, professional practice certificates while issuing decision not influence the use right of permits, professional practice certificates of such individuals, organizations.
8. The time limit of temporarily seizing material evidences and/or means of violations, permits, or professional practice certificates is 07 days, after day of temporarily seizing. The time limit of temporarily seizing may be prolonged for cases with complex facts, need verify but not exceeding 30 days, as from the days of temporarily seizing material evidences, permits, professional practice certificates.
For cases specified in paragraph 2, clause 1, Article 66 of this Law, which need have more time to certify, the competent persons solving cases must report to their direct heads in writing in order to request for extension of temporary seize; the extension must presented in writing, time limit of extension not exceeding 30 days.
The time limit of temporarily seizing material evidences and/or means of violations, permits, professional practice certificates is calculated from time point when material evidences and/or means of violations, permits, professional practice certificates are temporarily seized in reality.
The time limit of temporarily seizing material evidences and/or means of violations, permits, professional practice certificates not exceeding time limit of issuing decision on sanctioning administrative violations specified in Article 66 of this Law, except from case specified in point c, clause 1 of this Article.
9. All cases of temporarily seizing material evidences and/or means of violations, permits, or professional practice certificates must be make records. In records must indicate name, quantity, kinds, condition of temporarily-seized material evidences and/or means and must have signatures of the person issuing decision on custody, of violators; if it fails to define violators, the violators are absent or do not sign, there must be signatures of 02 witnesses. The record must be made into 02 copies, the person competent to custody keeps 01 copy, the violator keeps 01 copy.
10. For means of transport which have caused administrative violations in cases being seixed in order to ensure execution of decision on sanctioning administrative violations, if the violating organizations, individuals have clear address, have condition of yard-storage for preserving means or financial ability to pay guarantee amounts, they may allow to keep the means of violations under management of the competent state agencies.
The Government shall prescribe in details this clause.
Article 126. The handling of temporarily seized material evidences and/or means, permits, professional practice certificates according to administrative procedures
1. The person issuing decision on temporarily custody must handle the seaized material evidences and/or means, permits, professional practice certificates under record indicated in the sactioning decision or repay for individuals, organizations if the sanctioning form of confiscating the custody material evidences and/or means, the sanctioning form of stripping off the right to use permits, professional practice certificates are not applied.
For material evidences and/or means being seized are appropriated, illegally used for administrative violations in cases being confiscated, they shall be returned for their owners, managers or legal users. In this case, the violating individuals, organizations must pay an amount equivalent to value of violation material evidences and/or means into the State budget.
If the owners, managers, or legal users have intentional fault in using material evidences and/or means of the violators as prescribed in Article 26 of this Law, such material evidences and/or means shall be confiscated in order to remit to the State budget.
2. For temporarily seized material evidences and/or means, permits, professional practice certificates in order to ensure execution of sanctioning decision according to clause 6 Article 125 of this Law, they must be retured for the sanctioned person after finished execution of sanctioning decision.
3. For material evidences of administrative violations are perishable goods, products, the person issung decision on temporarily seizing must immediately sell under market price and the sale must be made in record. The collected amounts must be sent to a temporarily-deposit account at State Treasuries. If after that, under decision of competent persons, such material evidences are confiscated, the collected amounts must be remitted into the State budget, if such material evidences are not confiscated, the collected amounts must be returned to the owners, managers, or legal users.
4. For material evidences, means of administrative violations which have been over time limit of temporarily seizing, if the violator does not come to receive them and has no ligetimated reason or case of failing to define the violator, the person issuing decision on temporarily seizing must notify on means of mass media and list public at headquater of agency of the person competent to seizing; within 30 days, after notifying, and public listing, if the violators does not come to receive, the competent person must issue decision on confiscating material evidences, means of administrative violations for handling as prescribed in Article 82 of this Law.
5. For material evidences, means of administrative violations which are goods, products causing harmful for human health, domestic animals, plants and environment, or are harmful cultural products, they must be destroyed as prescribed in Article 33 of this Law.
6. For narcotics and objects of types banned from circulation, they shall be confiscated or destroyed as prescribed in Article 33 and Article 82 of this Law.
7. The person having impulsorily-seized material evidences, means of administrative violations must pay onle expenses for warehousing, yard-storage and preservation of material evidences and means of administrative violations and other expenses in duration of temporaily seizing material evidences, means of administrative violations as prescribed in clause 8, Article 125 of this Law.
Not collecting charges of warehousing, yard-storage and preservation expenses in duration of temporaily seizing material evidences, means of administrative violations if the owners of material evidences, means have no fault in administrative violations or when applying measure of confiscating material evidences, means.
The Government prescribed in details about charge levels of impulsorily-seizing material evidences, means specified in Article 125 of this Law.
Article 127. The body search according to administrative procedures
1. The body search according to administrative procedures may be implemented only when having grounds for presuming that the person hiding objects, documents, means used in order to commit acts of administrative violation in his/her body.
2. The persons specified in clause 1, Article 123 of this Law have right to decide the body search according to administrative procedures.
In case there are grounds in order to assume that if not immediately perform search, objects, documents, means used in order to commit administrative violations shall be dispersed, destroyed, beside of persons specified in clause 1, Article 123 of this Law, people’s police officers, members of the CoastGuard operation teams, Border Guard combatants, ranger officers, customs officials, market controllers, who are on official duty, may implement the body search according to administrative procedures and immediately report in writing to their heads who are
one of persons specified in clause 1, Article 123 of this Law and must take responsibilities before law for the body search.
3. The body search must be decided in writing, unless it needs to immidiately search as prescribed ai paragraph 2, clause 2 of this Article.
4. Before implement the body search, the searching persons must notify of decision to the searched person. When implement the body search, men shall search men and women search women, and the search must be witnessed by persons of the same sex.
5. All cases of body search must be recorded in writing. The body search decisions and records must be handed over to the searched persons, one copy each.
Article 128. Searching transport means and objects according to administrative procedures
1. The search of transport means and objects according to administrative procedures shall be carried out only when there are grounds to believe that hidden in those transport means and/or objects are material evidences of administrative violations.
2. Persons defined in clause 1 Article 123 of this Law have rights to carry out the search of transport means and objects according to administrative procedures.
3. In case there are grounds in order to believe that if not immediately perform search, material evidences of administrative violations shall be dispersed, destroyed, beside of persons specified in clause 2 of this Article, people’s police officers, members of the CoastGuard operation teams, Border Guard combatants, ranger officers, tax officials, market controllers, or inspectors, who are on official duty, may search transport means and objects according to administrative procedures and immediately report to their heads and must take responsibilities for the search.
4. The search of transport means and objects must be decided in writing, unless cases specified in clause 3 of this Article.
The search of transport means and/or objects must be carried out in the presence of the transport means and/or object owners or the transport means operators and a witness; where the transport means and/or object owners or the transport means operators are absent, there must be two witnesses.
5. All cases of search of transport means and/or objects must be recorded in writing. The search decision and record must be handed to transport means and/or objects owners or the transport means operators, one copy each.
Article 129. Search of places where material evidences and/or means of administrative violations are hidden
1. The Search of places where material evidences and/or means of administrative violations are hidden shall be carried out only when there are grounds to believe that hidden material evidences and/or means of administrative violations.
2. The persons specified in clause 1, Article 123 of this Law have right to decide search of places where material evidences and/or means of administrative violations are hidden; where such places are dwelling places, proposing the district-level People’s Committee presidents for consideration and decision.
3. The search of places where material evidences and/or means of administrative violations are hidden must be conducted in the presence of the owners of such places or major members of their families and the witnesses. Where the place owners or major members of their families are absent while the search cannot be postponed, there must be the representative of the local administration and two witnesses.
4. The search of places where material evidences and/or means of administrative violations are hidden must not be conducted at night, except for emergency cases, or the search is being conducted and having not yet finished but the reasons therefor must be clearly stated in the records thereof.
5. All cases of search of places where material evidences and/or means of administrative violations are hidden must be affected under written decisions and must be recorded in writing. Such decisions and records on the search of places where material evidences and/or means of administrative violations are hidden must be handed to the place owners, one copy each.
Article 130. Management of foreigners who have violated Vietnamese laws during the time of carrying out the procedures for their expulsion
1. Management of foreigners who have violated Vietnamese laws during the time of carrying out the procedures for their expulsion shall be applied when there are grounds to believe that in not applying this measure, such persons may evade or obstruct the execution of decision on expulsion sanctioning or to prevent such persons continuing to commit acts of law violation.
2. The heads of Exit and Entry management agencies or the directors of principle-level Police departments where compiling dossier proposing expulsion shall issue decision on management of foreigners who have violated Vietnamese laws during the time of carrying out the procedures for their expulsion by the following measures:
a) To limit traveling of the persons subject to management;
b) To appoint dwelling places of the persons subject to management;
c) To temporarily seize passports or other personal papers replacing for passports.
3. The Government shall prescribe in details this clause.
Article 131. To assign family, organization to manage the person who is proposed for application of measure on administrative sanctioning during carrying out procedures for application of administrative handling measures
1. During carrying out procedures for consideration, decision on application of measures sending to the reformatories, sending to compulsory educational establishment, sending to compulsory detoxification establishments, the Presidents of the commune-level People’s Committee where compiling dossier shall decide on assigning family or social organization to manage persons who committed acts of law violation being subjects of application of these measures.
2. The violating subjects with stable residence shall be assigned to their family for management; if there is no stable residence, subjects shall be assigned to social organizations for management.
3. The time limit of management is counted from making dossier untill the competent persons take subjects to go for application of administrative handling measures according to decision of the Courts.
4. The decision on assigning family or social organizations for management must clearly state: date of issuing decision; full name, title of the deciding person; full name, date of birth and residence of person assigned for management or name and address of social organization assigned for management; full name, date of birth, and residence of person being subject to management; reason, time limit, responsibilities of the person subject to management, responsibilities of the person or organization of management and responsibilities of the commune-level People’s Committee where the subject residents; signature of person deciding on management assignment. This decision must be sent immediately to family or social organization where accept management, and the person being subject to management for implementation.
5. During management, the family or social organization which is assigned for management has the following responsibilities:
a) Not let the person being subject to management continuing law violations;
b) To ensure the presentation of the person being subject to management when having decsion on sending to reformatories, sending to compulsory educational establishments, or sending to compulsory detoxification establishments;
c) To timely report to the President of the commune-level People’s Committee issuing decision on management assignment in case the person being subject to management flees or commits acts of law violation;
6. During management, the person being subject to management has the following responsibilities:
a) To strictly execute provisions of law on temporary residence, absence-from-residence. When leaving local area of commune, ward, town in order to stay in other local area, must notify to family, social organization assigned for management about address, duration of temporary residence at there;
b) To timely being present at headquarter of commune-level People’s Committee as requested by the President of commune-level People’s Committee.
7. During management, the President of commune-level People’s Committee where managing subjects specified in clause 1 of this Article has the following responsibilities:
a) To notify to family, social organization being assigned for management and the person being subject to management about their rights and obligations during management;
b) To implement the measures to assist for family, social organization assigned for management in management, supervision of the person being subject to management at residence;
c) When being notified that the person being subject to management have fled from residence or have committed acts of law violation, the President of the commune-level People’s Committee must immediately notify to the district-level police agency in order to have timely handling measures as prescribed by law.
8. The Government shall prescribe in details this clause.
Article 132. Hunting for subjects who have had decisions on sending to reformatories, compulsory education establishments or compulsory detoxification establishments in case they escape
1. In case persons who have had decisions on sending to reformatories, compulsory education establishments or compulsory detoxification establishments escape before being sent to reformatories or establichments, the dictrict-level police agencies where compiling dossier shall issue decision on hunting subjects.
2. In case persons who have served decisions in reformatories, compulsory education establishments or compulsory detoxification establishments escape, the principals of reformatories, directors of compulsory education establishments or directors of compulsory detoxification establishments shall issue decision on hunting subjects. The police agencies shall coordinate with reformatories, compulsory education establishments or compulsory detoxification establishments in hunting such subjects in order to bring back reformatories or establishments.
3. For persons having decision on sending to reformatories or serving decision at reformatories specified in clause 1 of this Article, if after finding, such persons have been enough 18 years old, the principals of reformatories shall suggest the district-level People’s Court where having reformatories to consider, decide on application of measure sending to the compulsory education establishments if they are eligible to send to compulsory education establishments.
4. The period of fleeing shall not be counted in time limit of servicing decision on application of measures sending to reformatories, sending to compulsory education establishments or sending to compulsory detoxification establishments.
The fifth part PROVISIONS FOR MINORS COMMITTING ACTS OF ADMINISTRATIVE
VIOLATIONS Chapter I
GENERAL PROVISIONS ON HANDLING ADMINISTRATIVE VIOLATIONS FOR MINORS
Article 133. The scope of application
The handling of minors committing acts of administrative violations is implemented under provisions of the fifth part and other related provisions of this Law.
Article 134. The principles of handling
Apart from principles on handlind administrative violations specified in Article 3 of this Law, the handling for minors shal apply additionally the following principles:
1. The handling of minors who have committed acts of administrative violations is implemented only in necessary cases aiming to educate, assist them to repair mistakes, develop healthily and become useful citizens of society.
In course of consideration for handling minors who have committed acts of administrative violations, the persons competent to handle administrative violations must ensure the best benefits for such minors. The measure sending to reformatories may be applied just when considering that there is no other handling measure is more suitable;
2. The handling of minors who have committed acts of administrative violations is also based on the awareness of minors on the dangerous-for-society nature of violating acts, reasons and
circumstances of violations in order to decide handling or application of measure on administrative handling in conformity;
3. The application of forms of sanctions, decision on sanctioning level for minors who have committed acts of administrative violations must be lower than majors committing same acts of violations.
In case of persons aged between full 14 years old and under 16 years old who commit administrative violations, not applying form of fines.
Persons aged between full 16 and under 18 who commit administrative violations are applied of the fine sanctioning form, the fine levels must not exceed half of the fine levels applicable to the majors; where they have no money to pay the fines or have no ability to implement remedial measures, their parents or guardians shall have to pay instead;
4. In course of handling minors who have committed acts of administrative violations, the personal secrets must be respected and protected.
5. The measures replacing the handling of administrative violations must be considered for application when having enough conditions specified in Chapter II of this Part. The application of measures replacing the handling of administrative violations shall not be considered as having been handled administrative violations.
Article 135. Application of forms of sanctions and remedial measures
1. The forms of sanctions applied for minors include:
a) Warnings;
b) Fines;
c) Confiscating material evidences and/or means of administrative violations.
2. The remedial measures applied for minors include:
a) Forcible restoration of the initial state;
b) Forcible application of measures to overcome the environmental pollution, epidemic spreads;
c) Forcible destruction of goods, articles which cause harms to human health, domestic animals, cultivated plants and environment; and harmful cultural products;
d) Forcible remittance of illegal revenues which obtaining from acts of violations or forcible remittance of amounts equal to value of material evidences and/or means which be illegally sold, dispersed, destroyed.
Article 136. Aplication of administrative handling measures
1. The measure of education at communes, wards, district towns is applied for minors committing acts of law violation as prescribed in Chapter I, the third part of this Law. The minors who are applied measure of education at communes, wards, district towns must be managed by their parents or guardians, if they have no stable residence, they must stay at social relief establishments or children-assistance establishments, they are entitled to go to school, or participate in learning programs or other vocational programs, participate in programs on consulting and developing life skills at the community.
2. The measure of sending to reformatories is applied for minors committing acts of law violation as prescribed in Chapter II, the third part of this Law.
Article 137. The time limit being considered as not yet handled administrative violations for minors
1. The minors shall be considered as not yet administratively sanctioned in within 06 months, after finishing execution of the sanctioning decision or as from the day of expiry of the statute of limitations of execution of sanctioning decision and they not repeat their violations.
2. The minors who being applied administrative handling measures, if within 01 year, as from the dat of finishing execution of handling decision or from the expiration of statute of limitations of execution of handling decision, they do not repeat their violation, they shall be considered as not yet applied administrative handling measures.
Chapter II MEASURES REPLACED FOR THE HANDLING OF ADMINISTRATIVE
VIOLATIONS FOR MINORS Article 138. Measures replaced for handling of administrative violations
Measures replaced for the handling administrative violations for minors include:
1. Reminding;
2. Managing at home.
Article 139. Reminding
1. Reminding is a measure replaced for handling administrative violations in order to point out violations committed by minors, it is implemented with respect to minors committing acts of administrative violations which as prescribed by law, they must be sanctioned administrative violations, if there are the following conditions:
a) The administrative violations according to regulation must be sanctioned warnings;
b) The violating minors have voluntarily reported their violations, honestly repenting their violations.
2. Based on provisions on clause 1 of this Article, the persons competent to impose sanctions shall decide application of reminding measure.
The reminding is implemented in speech, on the spot.
Article 140. Management at home
1. The management at home is a measure replaced for handling of administrative violations to apply with minors under subjects specified in clause 3, Article 90 of this Law when having enough the following conditions:
a) The violating minors have voluntarily reported their violations, honestly repenting their violations;
b) With an advantage life environment for implementation of this measure;
c) Parents or guardian is eligible to implement management and voluntarily takes responsibility for management at home.
2. Based on provisions on clause 1 of this Article, the President of the commune-level People’s Committee shall decide application of measure of management at home.
3. The time limit of application of measure of management at home is between 03 months and 06 months.
4. Within 03 days, after the decision on application of measure of management at home takes effect, the President of the commune-level People’s Committee having issued decision must send it to family and assign organizations, individuals where such person resident to coordinate and supervise implementation.
The minors, who are managed at the family, are entitled to go to school, or participate in learning programs or other vocational programs, participate in programs on consulting and developing life skills at the community.
5. During time of management at home, if minors continue committing acts of law violations, the competent persons specified in clause 2 of this Article shall decide stop application of this measure and handle as prescribed by law.
The sixth part IMPLEMENTATION PROVISIONS
Article 141. Effect
1. This Law takes effect on July 01, 2013; except for provisions relating to application of administrative handling measures which considered and decided by People’s Court shall take effect on January 01, 2014.
2. The Ordinance on Handling administrative violations No.44/2002/PL-UBTVQH10, the Ordinance No.31/2007/PL-UBTVQH11 amending a number of articles of the 2002 Ordinance on Handling administrative violations and the Ordinance No. 04/2008/UBTVQH12 amending and supplementing a number of articles of the Ordinance on Handling administrative violations cease to be effective on the effective date of this Law, except for provisions relating to application of measures sending to reformatories, sending to educational establishments, sending to medical treatment establishments still be effect until the end of December 31, 2013.
Article 142. The detailing provisions and implementation guidance
The Government, the Supreme People’s Court shall provide in details and guide implementation of Articles, clauses assigned in the Law.
This Law was passed on June 20, 2012, by the XIII th
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic
of Vietnam, at its 3th session.
CHAIRMAN OF THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY
Nguyen Sinh Hung
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Unofficial translated by LPVN
Open PDF
open_in_new
Luật Xử Lý Vi Phạm Hành Chính (Luật số: 15/2012/QH13, ngày 20 tháng 6 năm 2012)
﻿ Luật Xử Lý Vi Phạm Hành Chính (Luật số: 15/2012/QH13)
QUỐC HỘI --------
CỘNG HÒA XÃ HỘI CHỦ NGHĨA VIỆT NAM Độc lập - Tự do - Hạnh phúc
---------------
Luật số: 15/2012/QH13
Hà Nội, ngày 20 tháng 6 năm 2012
LUẬT
XỬ LÝ VI PHẠM HÀNH CHÍNH
Căn cứ Hiến pháp nước Cộng hòa xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam năm 1992 đã được sửa đổi, bổ sung một số điều theo Nghị quyết số 51/2001/QH10;
Quốc hội ban hành Luật xử lý vi phạm hành chính.
Phần thứ nhất
NHỮNG QUY ĐỊNH CHUNG Điều 1. Phạm vi điều chỉnh
Luật này quy định về xử phạt vi phạm hành chính và các biện pháp xử lý hành chính.
Điều 2. Giải thích từ ngữ
Trong Luật này, các từ ngữ dưới đây được hiểu như sau:
1.
Vi phạm hành chính
là hành vi có lỗi do cá nhân, tổ chức thực hiện, vi phạm quy định của pháp luật về quản lý nhà nước mà không phải là tội phạm và theo quy định của pháp luật phải bị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính.
2.
Xử phạt vi phạm hành chính
là việc người có thẩm quyền xử phạt áp dụng hình thức xử phạt, biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả đối với cá nhân, tổ chức thực hiện hành vi vi phạm hành chính theo quy định của pháp luật về xử phạt vi phạm hành chính.
3.
Biện pháp xử lý hành chính
là biện pháp được áp dụng đối với cá nhân vi phạm pháp luật về an ninh, trật tự, an toàn xã hội mà không phải là tội phạm, bao gồm biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn; đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng; đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc và đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc.
4.
Biện pháp thay thế xử lý vi phạm hành chính
là biện pháp mang tính giáo dục được áp dụng để thay thế cho hình thức xử phạt vi phạm hành chính hoặc biện pháp xử lý hành chính đối với người chưa thành niên vi phạm hành chính, bao gồm biện pháp nhắc nhở và biện pháp quản lý tại gia đình.
5.
Tái phạm
là việc cá nhân, tổ chức đã bị xử lý vi phạm hành chính nhưng chưa hết thời hạn được coi là chưa bị xử lý vi phạm hành chính, kể từ ngày chấp hành xong quyết định xử phạt, quyết định áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính hoặc kể từ ngày hết thời hiệu thi hành quyết định này mà lại thực hiện hành vi vi phạm hành chính đã bị xử lý.
6.
Vi phạm hành chính nhiều lần
là trường hợp cá nhân, tổ chức thực hiện hành vi vi phạm hành chính mà trước đó đã thực hiện hành vi vi phạm hành chính này nhưng chưa bị xử lý và chưa hết thời hiệu xử lý.
7.
Vi phạm hành chính có tổ chức
là trường hợp cá nhân, tổ chức câu kết với cá nhân, tổ chức khác để cùng thực hiện hành vi vi phạm hành chính.
8.
Giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề
là giấy tờ do cơ quan nhà nước, người có thẩm quyền cấp cho cá nhân, tổ chức theo quy định của pháp luật để cá nhân, tổ chức đó kinh doanh, hoạt động, hành nghề hoặc sử dụng công cụ, phương tiện. Giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề không bao gồm giấy chứng nhận đăng ký kinh doanh, chứng chỉ gắn với nhân thân người được cấp không có mục đích cho phép hành nghề.
9.
Chỗ ở
là nhà ở, phương tiện hoặc nhà khác mà công dân sử dụng để cư trú. Chỗ ở thuộc quyền sở hữu của công dân hoặc được cơ quan, tổ chức, cá nhân cho thuê, cho mượn, cho ở nhờ theo quy định của pháp luật.
10.
Tổ chức
là cơ quan nhà nước, tổ chức chính trị, tổ chức chính trị - xã hội, tổ chức chính trị xã hội nghề nghiệp, tổ chức xã hội, tổ chức xã hội nghề nghiệp, tổ chức kinh tế, đơn vị vũ trang nhân dân và tổ chức khác được thành lập theo quy định của pháp luật.
11.
Tình thế cấp thiết
là tình thế của cá nhân, tổ chức vì muốn tránh một nguy cơ đang thực tế đe dọa lợi ích của Nhà nước, của tổ chức, quyền, lợi ích chính đáng của mình hoặc của người khác mà không còn cách nào khác là phải gây một thiệt hại nhỏ hơn thiệt hại cần ngăn ngừa.
12.
Phòng vệ chính đáng
là hành vi của cá nhân vì bảo vệ lợi ích của Nhà nước, của tổ chức, bảo vệ quyền, lợi ích chính đáng của mình hoặc của người khác mà chống trả lại một cách cần thiết người đang có hành vi xâm phạm quyền, lợi ích nói trên.
13.
Sự kiện bất ngờ
là sự kiện mà cá nhân, tổ chức không thể thấy trước hoặc không buộc phải thấy trước hậu quả của hành vi nguy hại cho xã hội do mình gây ra.
14.
Sự kiện bất khả kháng
là sự kiện xảy ra một cách khách quan không thể lường trước được và không thể khắc phục được mặc dù đã áp dụng mọi biện pháp cần thiết và khả năng cho phép.
15.
Người không có năng lực trách nhiệm hành chính
là người thực hiện hành vi vi phạm hành chính trong khi đang mắc bệnh tâm thần hoặc một bệnh khác làm mất khả năng nhận thức hoặc khả năng điều khiển hành vi của mình.
16.
Người nghiện ma túy
là người sử dụng chất ma túy, thuốc gây nghiện, thuốc hướng thần và bị lệ thuộc vào các chất này.
17.
Người đại diện hợp pháp bao gồm
cha mẹ hoặc người giám hộ, luật sư, trợ giúp viên pháp lý.
Điều 3. Nguyên tắc xử lý vi phạm hành chính
1. Nguyên tắc xử phạt vi phạm hành chính bao gồm:
a) Mọi vi phạm hành chính phải được phát hiện, ngăn chặn kịp thời và phải bị xử lý nghiêm minh, mọi hậu quả do vi phạm hành chính gây ra phải được khắc phục theo đúng quy định của pháp luật;
b) Việc xử phạt vi phạm hành chính được tiến hành nhanh chóng, công khai, khách quan, đúng thẩm quyền, bảo đảm công bằng, đúng quy định của pháp luật;
c) Việc xử phạt vi phạm hành chính phải căn cứ vào tính chất, mức độ, hậu quả vi phạm, đối tượng vi phạm và tình tiết giảm nhẹ, tình tiết tăng nặng;
d) Chỉ xử phạt vi phạm hành chính khi có hành vi vi phạm hành chính do pháp luật quy định.
Một hành vi vi phạm hành chính chỉ bị xử phạt một lần.
Nhiều người cùng thực hiện một hành vi vi phạm hành chính thì mỗi người vi phạm đều bị xử phạt về hành vi vi phạm hành chính đó.
Một người thực hiện nhiều hành vi vi phạm hành chính hoặc vi phạm hành chính nhiều lần thì bị xử phạt về từng hành vi vi phạm;
đ) Người có thẩm quyền xử phạt có trách nhiệm chứng minh vi phạm hành chính. Cá nhân, tổ chức bị xử phạt có quyền tự mình hoặc thông qua người đại diện hợp pháp chứng minh mình không vi phạm hành chính;
e) Đối với cùng một hành vi vi phạm hành chính thì mức phạt tiền đối với tổ chức bằng 02 lần mức phạt tiền đối với cá nhân.
2. Nguyên tắc áp dụng các biện pháp xử lý hành chính bao gồm:
a) Cá nhân chỉ bị áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính nếu thuộc một trong các đối tượng quy định tại các điều 90, 92, 94 và 96 của Luật này;
b) Việc áp dụng các biện pháp xử lý hành chính phải được tiến hành theo quy định tại điểm b khoản 1 Điều này;
c) Việc quyết định thời hạn áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính phải căn cứ vào tính chất, mức độ, hậu quả vi phạm, nhân thân người vi phạm và tình tiết giảm nhẹ, tình tiết tăng nặng;
d) Người có thẩm quyền áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính có trách nhiệm chứng minh vi phạm hành chính. Cá nhân bị áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính có quyền tự mình hoặc thông qua người đại diện hợp pháp chứng minh mình không vi phạm hành chính.
Điều 4. Thẩm quyền quy định về xử phạt vi phạm hành chính trong các lĩnh vực quản lý nhà nước và chế độ áp dụng các biện pháp xử lý hành chính
Căn cứ quy định của Luật này, Chính phủ quy định hành vi vi phạm hành chính; hình thức xử phạt, mức xử phạt, biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả đối với từng hành vi vi phạm hành chính; thẩm quyền xử phạt, mức phạt tiền cụ thể theo từng chức danh và thẩm quyền lập biên bản đối với vi phạm hành chính trong từng lĩnh vực quản lý nhà nước; chế độ áp dụng các biện pháp xử lý hành chính và quy định mẫu biên bản, mẫu quyết định sử dụng trong xử phạt vi phạm hành chính.
Điều 5. Đối tượng bị xử lý vi phạm hành chính
1. Các đối tượng bị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính bao gồm:
a) Người từ đủ 14 tuổi đến dưới 16 tuổi bị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính về vi phạm hành chính do cố ý; người từ đủ 16 tuổi trở lên bị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính về mọi vi phạm hành chính.
Người thuộc lực lượng Quân đội nhân dân, Công an nhân dân vi phạm hành chính thì bị xử lý như đối với công dân khác; trường hợp cần áp dụng hình thức phạt tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn liên quan đến quốc phòng, an ninh thì người xử phạt đề nghị cơ quan, đơn vị Quân đội nhân dân, Công an nhân dân có thẩm quyền xử lý;
b) Tổ chức bị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính về mọi vi phạm hành chính do mình gây ra;
c) Cá nhân, tổ chức nước ngoài vi phạm hành chính trong phạm vi lãnh thổ, vùng tiếp giáp lãnh hải, vùng đặc quyền kinh tế và thềm lục địa của nước Cộng hoà xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam; trên tàu bay mang quốc tịch Việt Nam, tàu biển mang cờ quốc tịch Việt Nam thì bị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính theo quy định của pháp luật Việt Nam, trừ trường hợp điều ước quốc tế mà nước Cộng hoà xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam là thành viên có quy định khác.
2. Đối tượng bị áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính là cá nhân được quy định tại các điều 90, 92, 94 và 96 của Luật này.
Các biện pháp xử lý hành chính không áp dụng đối với người nước ngoài.
Điều 6. Thời hiệu xử lý vi phạm hành chính
1. Thời hiệu xử phạt vi phạm hành chính được quy định như sau:
a) Thời hiệu xử phạt vi phạm hành chính là 01 năm, trừ các trường hợp sau:
Vi phạm hành chính về kế toán; thủ tục thuế; phí, lệ phí; kinh doanh bảo hiểm; quản lý giá; chứng khoán; sở hữu trí tuệ; xây dựng; bảo vệ nguồn lợi thuỷ sản, hải sản; quản lý rừng, lâm sản; điều tra, quy hoạch, thăm dò, khai thác, sử dụng nguồn tài nguyên nước; thăm dò, khai thác dầu khí và các loại khoáng sản khác; bảo vệ môi trường; năng lượng nguyên tử; quản lý, phát triển nhà và công sở; đất đai; đê điều; báo chí; xuất bản; sản xuất, xuất khẩu, nhập khẩu, kinh doanh hàng hóa; sản xuất, buôn bán hàng cấm, hàng giả; quản lý lao động ngoài nước thì thời hiệu xử phạt vi phạm hành chính là 02 năm.
Vi phạm hành chính là hành vi trốn thuế, gian lận thuế, nộp chậm tiền thuế, khai thiếu nghĩa vụ thuế thì thời hiệu xử phạt vi phạm hành chính theo quy định của pháp luật về thuế;
b) Thời điểm để tính thời hiệu xử phạt vi phạm hành chính quy định tại điểm a khoản 1 Điều này được quy định như sau:
Đối với vi phạm hành chính đã kết thúc thì thời hiệu được tính từ thời điểm chấm dứt hành vi vi phạm.
Đối với vi phạm hành chính đang được thực hiện thì thời hiệu được tính từ thời điểm phát hiện hành vi vi phạm;
c) Trường hợp xử phạt vi phạm hành chính đối với cá nhân do cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng chuyển đến thì thời hiệu được áp dụng theo quy định tại điểm a và điểm b khoản này. Thời gian cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng thụ lý, xem xét được tính vào thời hiệu xử phạt vi phạm hành chính.
d) Trong thời hạn được quy định tại điểm a và điểm b khoản này mà cá nhân, tổ chức cố tình trốn tránh, cản trở việc xử phạt thì thời hiệu xử phạt vi phạm hành chính được tính lại kể từ thời điểm chấm dứt hành vi trốn tránh, cản trở việc xử phạt.
2. Thời hiệu áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính được quy định như sau:
a) Thời hiệu áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn là 01 năm, kể từ ngày cá nhân thực hiện hành vi vi phạm quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 90; 06 tháng, kể từ ngày cá nhân thực hiện hành vi vi phạm quy định tại khoản 2 Điều 90 hoặc kể từ ngày cá nhân thực hiện lần cuối một trong những hành vi vi phạm quy định tại khoản 3 và khoản 5 Điều 90; 03 tháng, kể từ ngày cá nhân thực hiện hành vi vi phạm quy định tại khoản 4 Điều 90 của Luật này;
b) Thời hiệu áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng là 01 năm, kể từ ngày cá nhân thực hiện hành vi vi phạm quy định tại khoản 1 và khoản 2 Điều 92; 06 tháng, kể từ ngày cá nhân thực hiện hành vi vi phạm quy định tại khoản 3 Điều 92 hoặc kể từ ngày cá nhân thực hiện lần cuối một trong những hành vi vi phạm quy định tại khoản 4 Điều 92 của Luật này;
c) Thời hiệu áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc là 01 năm, kể từ ngày cá nhân thực hiện lần cuối một trong các hành vi vi phạm quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 94 của Luật này;
d) Thời hiệu áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc là 03 tháng, kể từ ngày cá nhân thực hiện lần cuối hành vi vi phạm quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 96 của Luật này.
Điều 7. Thời hạn được coi là chưa bị xử lý vi phạm hành chính
1. Cá nhân, tổ chức bị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính, nếu trong thời hạn 06 tháng, kể từ ngày chấp hành xong quyết định xử phạt cảnh cáo hoặc 01 năm, kể từ ngày chấp hành xong quyết định xử phạt hành chính khác hoặc từ ngày hết thời hiệu thi hành quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính mà không tái phạm thì được coi là chưa bị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính.
2. Cá nhân bị áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính, nếu trong thời hạn 02 năm, kể từ ngày chấp hành xong quyết định áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính hoặc 01 năm kể từ ngày hết thời hiệu thi hành quyết định áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính mà không tái phạm thì được coi là chưa bị áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính.
Điều 8. Cách tính thời gian, thời hạn, thời hiệu trong xử lý vi phạm hành chính
1. Cách tính thời hạn, thời hiệu trong xử lý vi phạm hành chính được áp dụng theo quy định của Bộ luật dân sự, trừ trường hợp trong Luật này có quy định cụ thể thời gian theo ngày làm việc.
2. Thời gian ban đêm được tính từ 22 giờ ngày hôm trước đến 06 giờ ngày hôm sau.
Điều 9. Tình tiết giảm nhẹ
Những tình tiết sau đây là tình tiết giảm nhẹ:
1. Người vi phạm hành chính đã có hành vi ngăn chặn, làm giảm bớt hậu quả của vi phạm hoặc tự nguyện khắc phục hậu quả, bồi thường thiệt hại;
2. Người vi phạm hành chính đã tự nguyện khai báo, thành thật hối lỗi; tích cực giúp đỡ cơ quan chức năng phát hiện vi phạm hành chính, xử lý vi phạm hành chính;
3. Vi phạm hành chính trong tình trạng bị kích động về tinh thần do hành vi trái pháp luật của người khác gây ra; vượt quá giới hạn phòng vệ chính đáng; vượt quá yêu cầu của tình thế cấp thiết;
4. Vi phạm hành chính do bị ép buộc hoặc bị lệ thuộc về vật chất hoặc tinh thần;
5. Người vi phạm hành chính là phụ nữ mang thai, người già yếu, người có bệnh hoặc khuyết tật làm hạn chế khả năng nhận thức hoặc khả năng điều khiển hành vi của mình;
6. Vi phạm hành chính vì hoàn cảnh đặc biệt khó khăn mà không do mình gây ra;
7. Vi phạm hành chính do trình độ lạc hậu;
8. Những tình tiết giảm nhẹ khác do Chính phủ quy định.
Điều 10. Tình tiết tăng nặng
1. Những tình tiết sau đây là tình tiết tăng nặng:
a) Vi phạm hành chính có tổ chức;
b) Vi phạm hành chính nhiều lần; tái phạm;
c) Xúi giục, lôi kéo, sử dụng người chưa thành niên vi phạm; ép buộc người bị lệ thuộc vào mình về vật chất, tinh thần thực hiện hành vi vi phạm hành chính;
d) Sử dụng người biết rõ là đang bị tâm thần hoặc bệnh khác làm mất khả năng nhận thức hoặc khả năng điều khiển hành vi để vi phạm hành chính;
đ) Lăng mạ, phỉ báng người đang thi hành công vụ; vi phạm hành chính có tính chất côn đồ;
e) Lợi dụng chức vụ, quyền hạn để vi phạm hành chính;
g) Lợi dụng hoàn cảnh chiến tranh, thiên tai, thảm họa, dịch bệnh hoặc những khó khăn đặc biệt khác của xã hội để vi phạm hành chính;
h) Vi phạm trong thời gian đang chấp hành hình phạt của bản án hình sự hoặc đang chấp hành quyết định áp dụng biện pháp xử lý vi phạm hành chính;
i) Tiếp tục thực hiện hành vi vi phạm hành chính mặc dù người có thẩm quyền đã yêu cầu chấm dứt hành vi đó;
k) Sau khi vi phạm đã có hành vi trốn tránh, che giấu vi phạm hành chính;
l) Vi phạm hành chính có quy mô lớn, số lượng hoặc trị giá hàng hóa lớn;
m) Vi phạm hành chính đối với nhiều người, trẻ em, người già, người khuyết tật, phụ nữ mang thai.
2. Tình tiết quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này đã được quy định là hành vi vi phạm hành chính thì không được coi là tình tiết tăng nặng.
Điều 11. Những trường hợp không xử phạt vi phạm hành chính
Không xử phạt vi phạm hành chính đối với các trường hợp sau đây:
1. Thực hiện hành vi vi phạm hành chính trong tình thế cấp thiết;
2. Thực hiện hành vi vi phạm hành chính do phòng vệ chính đáng;
3. Thực hiện hành vi vi phạm hành chính do sự kiện bất ngờ;
4. Thực hiện hành vi vi phạm hành chính do sự kiện bất khả kháng;
5. Người thực hiện hành vi vi phạm hành chính không có năng lực trách nhiệm hành chính; người thực hiện hành vi vi phạm hành chính chưa đủ tuổi bị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính theo quy định tại điểm a khoản 1 Điều 5 của Luật này.
Điều 12. Những hành vi bị nghiêm cấm
1. Giữ lại vụ vi phạm có dấu hiệu tội phạm để xử lý vi phạm hành chính.
2. Lợi dụng chức vụ, quyền hạn để sách nhiễu, đòi, nhận tiền, tài sản của người vi phạm; dung túng, bao che, hạn chế quyền của người vi phạm hành chính khi xử phạt vi phạm hành chính hoặc áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính.
3. Ban hành trái thẩm quyền văn bản quy định về hành vi vi phạm hành chính, thẩm quyền, hình thức xử phạt, biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả đối với từng hành vi vi phạm hành chính trong lĩnh vực quản lý nhà nước và biện pháp xử lý hành chính.
4. Không xử phạt vi phạm hành chính, không áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả hoặc không áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính.
5. Xử phạt vi phạm hành chính, áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả hoặc áp dụng các biện pháp xử lý hành chính không kịp thời, không nghiêm minh, không đúng thẩm quyền, thủ tục, đối tượng quy định tại Luật này.
6. Áp dụng hình thức xử phạt, biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả không đúng, không đầy đủ đối với hành vi vi phạm hành chính.
7. Can thiệp trái pháp luật vào việc xử lý vi phạm hành chính.
8. Kéo dài thời hạn áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính.
9. Sử dụng tiền thu được từ tiền nộp phạt vi phạm hành chính, tiền nộp do chậm thi hành quyết định xử phạt tiền, tiền bán, thanh lý tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu và các khoản tiền khác thu được từ xử phạt vi phạm hành chính trái quy định của pháp luật về ngân sách nhà nước.
10. Giả mạo, làm sai lệch hồ sơ xử phạt vi phạm hành chính, hồ sơ áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính.
11. Xâm phạm tính mạng, sức khỏe, danh dự, nhân phẩm của người bị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính, người bị áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính, người bị áp dụng biện pháp ngăn chặn và bảo đảm xử lý vi phạm hành chính, người bị áp dụng các biện pháp cưỡng chế thi hành quyết định xử lý vi phạm hành chính.
12. Chống đối, trốn tránh, trì hoãn hoặc cản trở chấp hành quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính, quyết định áp dụng biện pháp ngăn chặn và bảo đảm xử lý vi phạm hành chính, quyết định cưỡng chế thi hành quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính, quyết định áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính.
Điều 13. Bồi thường thiệt hại
1. Người vi phạm hành chính nếu gây ra thiệt hại thì phải bồi thường.
Việc bồi thường thiệt hại được thực hiện theo quy định của pháp luật về dân sự.
2. Người có thẩm quyền xử lý vi phạm hành chính, cơ quan, tổ chức, cá nhân có liên quan trong việc xử lý vi phạm hành chính gây thiệt hại thì phải bồi thường theo quy định của pháp luật.
Điều 14. Trách nhiệm đấu tranh phòng, chống vi phạm hành chính
1. Cá nhân, tổ chức phải nghiêm chỉnh chấp hành quy định của pháp luật về xử lý vi phạm hành chính. Các tổ chức có nhiệm vụ giáo dục thành viên thuộc tổ chức mình về ý thức bảo vệ và tuân theo pháp luật, quy tắc của cuộc sống xã hội, kịp thời có biện pháp loại trừ nguyên nhân, điều kiện gây ra vi phạm hành chính trong tổ chức mình.
2. Khi phát hiện vi phạm hành chính, người có thẩm quyền xử lý vi phạm hành chính có trách nhiệm xử lý vi phạm theo quy định của pháp luật.
3. Cá nhân, tổ chức có trách nhiệm phát hiện, tố cáo và đấu tranh phòng, chống vi phạm hành chính.
Điều 15. Khiếu nại, tố cáo và khởi kiện trong xử lý vi phạm hành chính
1. Cá nhân, tổ chức bị xử lý vi phạm hành chính có quyền khiếu nại, khởi kiện đối với quyết định xử lý vi phạm hành chính theo quy định của pháp luật.
2. Cá nhân có quyền tố cáo đối với hành vi vi phạm pháp luật trong việc xử lý vi phạm hành chính theo quy định của pháp luật.
3. Trong quá trình giải quyết khiếu nại, khởi kiện nếu xét thấy việc thi hành quyết định xử lý vi phạm hành chính bị khiếu nại, khởi kiện sẽ gây hậu quả khó khắc phục thì người giải quyết khiếu nại, khởi kiện phải ra quyết định tạm đình chỉ việc thi hành quyết định đó theo quy định của pháp luật.
Điều 16. Trách nhiệm của người có thẩm quyền xử lý vi phạm hành chính
1. Trong quá trình xử lý vi phạm hành chính, người có thẩm quyền xử lý vi phạm hành chính phải tuân thủ quy định của Luật này và quy định khác của pháp luật có liên quan.
2. Người có thẩm quyền xử lý vi phạm hành chính mà sách nhiễu, đòi, nhận tiền, tài sản khác của người vi phạm, dung túng, bao che, không xử lý hoặc xử lý không kịp thời, không đúng tính chất, mức độ vi phạm, không đúng thẩm quyền hoặc vi phạm quy định khác tại Điều 12 của Luật này và quy định
khác của pháp luật thì tuỳ theo tính chất, mức độ vi phạm mà bị xử lý kỷ luật hoặc bị truy cứu trách nhiệm hình sự.
Điều 17. Trách nhiệm quản lý công tác thi hành pháp luật về xử lý vi phạm hành chính
1. Chính phủ thống nhất quản lý công tác thi hành pháp luật về xử lý vi phạm hành chính trong phạm vi cả nước.
2. Bộ Tư pháp chịu trách nhiệm trước Chính phủ thực hiện quản lý công tác thi hành pháp luật về xử lý vi phạm hành chính, có nhiệm vụ, quyền hạn sau đây:
a) Chủ trì hoặc phối hợp trong việc đề xuất, xây dựng và trình cơ quan có thẩm quyền ban hành hoặc ban hành theo thẩm quyền văn bản quy phạm pháp luật về xử lý vi phạm hành chính;
b) Theo dõi chung và báo cáo công tác thi hành pháp luật về xử lý vi phạm hành chính; thống kê, xây dựng, quản lý cơ sở dữ liệu quốc gia về xử lý vi phạm hành chính;
c) Chủ trì, phối hợp hướng dẫn, tập huấn, bồi dưỡng nghiệp vụ trong việc thực hiện pháp luật về xử lý vi phạm hành chính;
d) Kiểm tra, phối hợp với các bộ, ngành hữu quan tiến hành thanh tra việc thi hành pháp luật về xử lý vi phạm hành chính.
3. Trong phạm vi nhiệm vụ, quyền hạn của mình, các bộ, ngành có trách nhiệm thực hiện hoặc phối hợp với Bộ Tư pháp thực hiện nhiệm vụ quy định tại khoản 2 Điều này; kịp thời cung cấp thông tin cho Bộ Tư pháp về xử lý vi phạm hành chính để xây dựng cơ sở dữ liệu quốc gia; định kỳ 06 tháng, hằng năm báo cáo Bộ Tư pháp về công tác xử lý vi phạm hành chính trong phạm vi quản lý của cơ quan mình.
4. Trong phạm vi nhiệm vụ, quyền hạn của mình, Tòa án nhân dân tối cao thực hiện quy định tại khoản 2 Điều này và định kỳ 06 tháng, hằng năm gửi thông báo đến Bộ Tư pháp về công tác xử lý vi phạm hành chính trong phạm vi quản lý của cơ quan mình; chỉ đạo Tòa án nhân dân các cấp thực hiện việc cung cấp thông tin về xử lý vi phạm hành chính; chủ trì, phối hợp với Chính phủ ban hành văn bản quy định chi tiết và hướng dẫn thi hành các quy định có liên quan.
5. Trong phạm vi nhiệm vụ, quyền hạn của mình, Ủy ban nhân dân các cấp quản lý công tác thi hành pháp luật về xử lý vi phạm hành chính tại địa phương, có trách nhiệm sau đây:
a) Chỉ đạo việc tổ chức thực hiện văn bản quy phạm pháp luật về xử lý vi phạm hành chính; tổ chức phổ biến, giáo dục pháp luật về xử lý vi phạm hành chính;
b) Kiểm tra, thanh tra, xử lý vi phạm và giải quyết theo thẩm quyền khiếu nại, tố cáo trong việc thực hiện pháp luật về xử lý vi phạm hành chính;
c) Kịp thời cung cấp thông tin cho Bộ Tư pháp về xử lý vi phạm hành chính để xây dựng cơ sở dữ liệu quốc gia; định kỳ 06 tháng, hằng năm báo cáo Bộ Tư pháp về công tác xử lý vi phạm hành chính trên địa bàn.
6. Cơ quan của người có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính, Tòa án nhân dân có thẩm quyền xem xét, quyết định các biện pháp xử lý hành chính, cơ quan thi hành quyết định xử phạt, thi hành quyết định cưỡng chế thi hành quyết định xử phạt, cơ quan thi hành các quyết định áp dụng các biện pháp xử lý hành chính có trách nhiệm gửi văn bản, quyết định quy định tại Điều 70, khoản 2 Điều 73, khoản 2 Điều 77, Điều 88, khoản 4 Điều 98, Điều 107, khoản 3 Điều 111, đoạn 2 khoản 3 Điều 112, khoản 1 và khoản 2 Điều 114 tới cơ quan quản lý cơ sở dữ liệu về xử lý vi phạm hành chính của Bộ Tư pháp, cơ quan tư pháp địa phương.
7. Chính phủ quy định chi tiết Điều này.
Điều 18. Trách nhiệm của thủ trưởng cơ quan, đơn vị trong công tác xử lý vi phạm hành chính
1. Trong phạm vi nhiệm vụ, quyền hạn của mình, thủ trưởng cơ quan, đơn vị có thẩm quyền xử lý vi phạm hành chính có trách nhiệm sau đây:
a) Thường xuyên kiểm tra, thanh tra và kịp thời xử lý đối với vi phạm của người có thẩm quyền xử lý vi phạm hành chính thuộc phạm vi quản lý của mình; giải quyết khiếu nại, tố cáo trong xử lý vi phạm hành chính theo quy định của pháp luật;
b) Không được can thiệp trái pháp luật vào việc xử lý vi phạm hành chính và phải chịu trách nhiệm liên đới về hành vi vi phạm của người có thẩm quyền xử lý vi phạm hành chính thuộc quyền quản lý trực tiếp của mình theo quy định của pháp luật;
c) Không được để xảy ra hành vi tham nhũng của người có thẩm quyền xử lý vi phạm hành chính do mình quản lý, phụ trách;
d) Trách nhiệm khác theo quy định của pháp luật.
2. Trong phạm vi nhiệm vụ, quyền hạn của mình, Bộ trưởng, Thủ trưởng cơ quan ngang bộ, Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân các cấp có trách nhiệm sau đây:
a) Thường xuyên chỉ đạo, kiểm tra việc xử lý vi phạm hành chính của người có thẩm quyền xử lý vi phạm hành chính thuộc phạm vi quản lý của mình;
b) Xử lý kỷ luật đối với người có sai phạm trong xử lý vi phạm hành chính thuộc phạm vi quản lý của mình;
c) Giải quyết kịp thời khiếu nại, tố cáo về xử lý vi phạm hành chính trong ngành, lĩnh vực do mình phụ trách theo quy định của pháp luật;
d) Trách nhiệm khác theo quy định của pháp luật.
3. Trong phạm vi nhiệm vụ, quyền hạn của mình, Bộ trưởng, Thủ trưởng cơ quan ngang bộ, Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân các cấp, thủ trưởng cơ quan, đơn vị có thẩm quyền xử lý vi phạm hành chính có trách nhiệm phát hiện quyết định về xử lý vi phạm hành chính do mình hoặc cấp dưới ban hành có sai sót và phải kịp thời sửa đổi, bổ sung hoặc hủy bỏ, ban hành quyết định mới theo thẩm quyền.
Điều 19. Giám sát công tác xử lý vi phạm hành chính
Quốc hội, các cơ quan của Quốc hội, Hội đồng nhân dân các cấp, đại biểu Quốc hội, đại biểu Hội đồng nhân dân, Mặt trận Tổ quốc Việt Nam, các tổ chức thành viên của Mặt trận và mọi công dân giám sát hoạt động của cơ quan, người có thẩm quyền xử lý vi phạm hành chính; khi phát hiện hành vi trái pháp luật của cơ quan, người có thẩm quyền xử lý vi phạm hành chính thì có quyền yêu cầu, kiến nghị với cơ quan, người có thẩm quyền xem xét, giải quyết, xử lý theo quy định của pháp luật.
Cơ quan, người có thẩm quyền xử lý vi phạm hành chính phải xem xét, giải quyết và trả lời yêu cầu, kiến nghị đó theo quy định của pháp luật.
Điều 20. Áp dụng Luật xử lý vi phạm hành chính đối với hành vi vi phạm hành chính ở ngoài lãnh thổ nước Cộng hòa xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam
Công dân, tổ chức Việt Nam vi phạm pháp luật hành chính của nước Cộng hòa xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam ngoài lãnh thổ Việt Nam có thể bị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính theo quy định của Luật này.
Phần thứ hai
XỬ PHẠT VI PHẠM HÀNH CHÍNH Chương I
CÁC HÌNH THỨC XỬ PHẠT VÀ BIỆN PHÁP KHẮC PHỤC HẬU QUẢ
Mục 1. CÁC HÌNH THỨC XỬ PHẠT
Điều 21. Các hình thức xử phạt và nguyên tắc áp dụng
1. Các hình thức xử phạt vi phạm hành chính bao gồm:
a) Cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền;
c) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
d) Tịch thu tang vật vi phạm hành chính, phương tiện được sử dụng để vi phạm hành chính (sau đây gọi chung là tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính);
đ) Trục xuất.
2. Hình thức xử phạt quy định tại điểm a và điểm b khoản 1 Điều này chỉ được quy định và áp dụng là hình thức xử phạt chính.
Hình thức xử phạt quy định tại các điểm c, d và đ khoản 1 Điều này có thể được quy định là hình thức xử phạt bổ sung hoặc hình thức xử phạt chính.
3. Đối với mỗi vi phạm hành chính, cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính chỉ bị áp dụng một hình thức xử phạt chính; có thể bị áp dụng một hoặc nhiều hình thức xử phạt bổ sung quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này. Hình thức xử phạt bổ sung chỉ được áp dụng kèm theo hình thức xử phạt chính.
Điều 22. Cảnh cáo
Cảnh cáo được áp dụng đối với cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính không nghiêm trọng, có tình tiết giảm nhẹ và theo quy định thì bị áp dụng hình thức xử phạt cảnh cáo hoặc đối với mọi hành vi vi phạm hành chính do người chưa thành niên từ đủ 14 tuổi đến dưới 16 tuổi thực hiện. Cảnh cáo được quyết định bằng văn bản.
Điều 23. Phạt tiền
1. Mức phạt tiền trong xử phạt vi phạm hành chính từ 50.000 đồng đến 1.000.000.000 đồng đối với cá nhân, từ 100.000 đồng đến 2.000.000.000 đồng đối với tổ chức, trừ trường hợp quy định tại khoản 3 Điều 24 của Luật này.
Đối với khu vực nội thành của thành phố trực thuộc trung ương thì mức phạt tiền có thể cao hơn, nhưng tối đa không quá 02 lần mức phạt chung áp dụng đối với cùng hành vi vi phạm trong các lĩnh vực giao thông đường bộ; bảo vệ môi trường; an ninh trật tự, an toàn xã hội.
2. Chính phủ quy định khung tiền phạt hoặc mức tiền phạt đối với hành vi vi phạm hành chính cụ thể theo một trong các phương thức sau đây, nhưng khung tiền phạt cao nhất không vượt quá mức tiền phạt tối đa quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này:
a) Xác định số tiền phạt tối thiểu, tối đa;
b) Xác định số lần, tỷ lệ phần trăm của giá trị, số lượng hàng hóa, tang vật vi phạm, đối tượng bị vi phạm hoặc doanh thu, số lợi thu được từ vi phạm hành chính.
3. Căn cứ vào hành vi, khung tiền phạt hoặc mức tiền phạt được quy định tại nghị định của Chính phủ và yêu cầu quản lý kinh tế - xã hội đặc thù của địa phương, Hội đồng nhân dân thành phố trực thuộc trung ương quyết định khung tiền phạt hoặc mức tiền phạt cụ thể đối với hành vi vi phạm trong các lĩnh vực quy định tại đoạn 2 khoản 1 Điều này.
4. Mức tiền phạt cụ thể đối với một hành vi vi phạm hành chính là mức trung bình của khung tiền phạt được quy định đối với hành vi đó; nếu có tình tiết giảm nhẹ thì mức tiền phạt có thể giảm xuống nhưng không được giảm quá mức tối thiểu của khung tiền phạt; nếu có tình tiết tăng nặng thì mức tiền phạt có thể tăng lên nhưng không được vượt quá mức tiền phạt tối đa của khung tiền phạt.
Điều 24. Mức phạt tiền tối đa trong các lĩnh vực
1. Mức phạt tiền tối đa trong các lĩnh vực quản lý nhà nước đối với cá nhân được quy định như sau:
a) Phạt tiền đến 30.000.000 đồng: hôn nhân và gia đình; bình đẳng giới; bạo lực gia đình; lưu trữ; tôn giáo; thi đua khen thưởng; hành chính tư pháp; dân số; vệ sinh môi trường; thống kê;
b) Phạt tiền đến 40.000.000 đồng: an ninh trật tự, an toàn xã hội; phòng, chống tệ nạn xã hội; thi hành án dân sự; phá sản doanh nghiệp, hợp tác xã; giao thông đường bộ; giao dịch điện tử; bưu chính;
c) Phạt tiền đến 50.000.000 đồng: phòng cháy, chữa cháy; cơ yếu; quản lý và bảo vệ biên giới quốc gia; bổ trợ tư pháp; y tế dự phòng; phòng, chống HIV/AIDS; giáo dục; văn hóa; thể thao; du lịch; quản lý khoa học, công nghệ; chuyển giao công nghệ; bảo vệ, chăm sóc trẻ em; bảo trợ, cứu trợ xã hội; phòng chống thiên tai; bảo vệ và kiểm dịch thực vật; quản lý và bảo tồn nguồn gen; sản xuất, kinh doanh giống vật nuôi, cây trồng; thú y; kế toán; kiểm toán độc lập; phí, lệ phí; quản lý tài sản công; hóa đơn; dự trữ quốc gia; điện lực; hóa chất; khí tượng thủy văn; đo đạc bản đồ; đăng ký kinh doanh;
d) Phạt tiền đến 75.000.000 đồng: quốc phòng, an ninh quốc gia; lao động; dạy nghề; giao thông đường sắt; giao thông đường thủy nội địa; bảo hiểm y tế; bảo hiểm xã hội;
đ) Phạt tiền đến 100.000.000 đồng: quản lý công trình thuỷ lợi; đê điều; khám bệnh, chữa bệnh; mỹ phẩm; dược, trang thiết bị y tế; sản xuất, kinh doanh thức ăn chăn nuôi, phân bón; quảng cáo; đặt cược và trò chơi có thưởng; quản lý lao động ngoài nước; giao thông hàng hải; giao thông hàng không dân dụng; quản lý và bảo vệ công trình giao thông; công nghệ thông tin; viễn thông; tần số vô tuyến điện; báo chí; xuất bản; thương mại; bảo vệ quyền lợi người tiêu dùng; hải quan, thủ tục thuế; kinh doanh xổ số; kinh doanh bảo hiểm; thực hành tiết kiệm, chống lãng phí; quản lý vật liệu nổ; bảo vệ nguồn lợi thuỷ sản, hải sản;
e) Phạt tiền đến 150.000.000 đồng: quản lý giá; kinh doanh bất động sản; khai thác, sản xuất, kinh doanh vật liệu xây dựng; quản lý công trình hạ tầng kỹ thuật; quản lý, phát triển nhà và công sở; đấu thầu; đầu tư;
g) Phạt tiền đến 200.000.000 đồng: sản xuất, buôn bán hàng cấm, hàng giả;
h) Phạt tiền đến 250.000.000 đồng: điều tra, quy hoạch, thăm dò, khai thác, sử dụng nguồn tài nguyên nước;
i) Phạt tiền đến 500.000.000 đồng: xây dựng; quản lý rừng, lâm sản; đất đai;
k) Phạt tiền đến 1.000.000.000 đồng: quản lý các vùng biển, đảo và thềm lục địa của nước Cộng hòa xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam; quản lý hạt nhân và chất phóng xạ, năng lượng nguyên tử; tiền tệ, kim loại quý, đá quý, ngân hàng, tín dụng; thăm dò, khai thác dầu khí và các loại khoáng sản khác; bảo vệ môi trường.
2. Mức phạt tiền tối đa trong lĩnh vực quản lý nhà nước quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này đối với tổ chức bằng 02 lần mức phạt tiền đối với cá nhân.
3. Mức phạt tiền tối đa trong các lĩnh vực thuế; đo lường; sở hữu trí tuệ; an toàn thực phẩm; chất lượng sản phẩm, hàng hóa; chứng khoán; hạn chế cạnh tranh theo quy định tại các luật tương ứng.
4. Mức phạt tiền tối đa đối với lĩnh vực mới chưa được quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này do Chính phủ quy định sau khi được sự đồng ý của Ủy ban thường vụ Quốc hội.
Điều 25. Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn
1. Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn là hình thức xử phạt được áp dụng đối với cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm nghiêm trọng các hoạt động được ghi trong giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề. Trong thời gian bị tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề, cá nhân, tổ chức không được tiến hành các hoạt động ghi trong giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề.
2. Đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn là hình thức xử phạt được áp dụng đối với cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính trong các trường hợp sau:
a) Đình chỉ một phần hoạt động gây hậu quả nghiêm trọng hoặc có khả năng thực tế gây hậu quả nghiêm trọng đối với tính mạng, sức khỏe con người, môi trường của cơ sở sản xuất, kinh doanh, dịch vụ mà theo quy định của pháp luật phải có giấy phép;
b) Đình chỉ một phần hoặc toàn bộ hoạt động sản xuất, kinh doanh, dịch vụ hoặc hoạt động khác mà theo quy định của pháp luật không phải có giấy phép và hoạt động đó gây hậu quả nghiêm trọng hoặc có khả năng thực tế gây hậu quả nghiêm trọng đối với tính mạng, sức khỏe con người, môi trường và trật tự, an toàn xã hội.
3. Thời hạn tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề, thời hạn đình chỉ hoạt động quy định tại khoản 1 và khoản 2 Điều này từ 01 tháng đến 24 tháng, kể từ ngày quyết định xử phạt có hiệu lực thi hành. Người có thẩm quyền xử phạt giữ giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề trong thời hạn tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề.
Điều 26. Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính
Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính là việc sung vào ngân sách nhà nước vật, tiền, hàng hoá, phương tiện có liên quan trực tiếp đến vi phạm hành chính, được áp dụng đối với vi phạm hành chính nghiêm trọng do lỗi cố ý của cá nhân, tổ chức.
Việc xử lý tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu được thực hiện theo quy định tại Điều 82 của Luật này.
Điều 27. Trục xuất
1. Trục xuất là hình thức xử phạt buộc người nước ngoài có hành vi vi phạm hành chính tại Việt Nam phải rời khỏi lãnh thổ nước Cộng hoà xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam.
2. Chính phủ quy định chi tiết việc áp dụng hình thức xử phạt trục xuất.
Mục 2. CÁC BIỆN PHÁP KHẮC PHỤC HẬU QUẢ
Điều 28. Các biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả và nguyên tắc áp dụng
1. Các biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả bao gồm:
a) Buộc khôi phục lại tình trạng ban đầu;
b) Buộc tháo dỡ công trình, phần công trình xây dựng không có giấy phép hoặc xây dựng không đúng với giấy phép;
c) Buộc thực hiện biện pháp khắc phục tình trạng ô nhiễm môi trường, lây lan dịch bệnh;
d) Buộc đưa ra khỏi lãnh thổ nước Cộng hòa xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam hoặc tái xuất hàng hoá, vật phẩm, phương tiện;
đ) Buộc tiêu hủy hàng hóa, vật phẩm gây hại cho sức khỏe con người, vật nuôi, cây trồng và môi trường, văn hóa phẩm có nội dung độc hại;
e) Buộc cải chính thông tin sai sự thật hoặc gây nhầm lẫn;
g) Buộc loại bỏ yếu tố vi phạm trên hàng hoá, bao bì hàng hóa, phương tiện kinh doanh, vật phẩm;
h) Buộc thu hồi sản phẩm, hàng hóa không bảo đảm chất lượng;
i) Buộc nộp lại số lợi bất hợp pháp có được do thực hiện vi phạm hành chính hoặc buộc nộp lại số tiền bằng trị giá tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính đã bị tiêu thụ, tẩu tán, tiêu hủy trái quy định của pháp luật;
k) Các biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả khác do Chính phủ quy định.
2. Nguyên tắc áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả:
a) Đối với mỗi vi phạm hành chính, ngoài việc bị áp dụng hình thức xử phạt, cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính có thể bị áp dụng một hoặc nhiều biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này;
b) Biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả được áp dụng độc lập trong trường hợp quy định tại khoản 2 Điều 65 của Luật này.
Điều 29. Buộc khôi phục lại tình trạng ban đầu
Cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính phải khôi phục lại tình trạng ban đầu đã bị thay đổi do vi phạm hành chính của mình gây ra; nếu cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính không tự nguyện thực hiện thì bị cưỡng chế thực hiện.
Điều 30. Buộc tháo dỡ công trình, phần công trình xây dựng không có giấy phép hoặc xây dựng không đúng với giấy phép
Cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính phải tháo dỡ công trình, phần công trình xây dựng không có giấy phép hoặc xây dựng không đúng với giấy phép; nếu cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính không tự nguyện thực hiện thì bị cưỡng chế thực hiện.
Điều 31. Buộc khắc phục tình trạng ô nhiễm môi trường, lây lan dịch bệnh
Cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính phải thực hiện biện pháp để khắc phục tình trạng ô nhiễm môi trường, lây lan dịch bệnh; nếu cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính không tự nguyện thực hiện thì bị cưỡng chế thực hiện.
Điều 32. Buộc đưa ra khỏi lãnh thổ nước Cộng hòa xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam hoặc tái xuất hàng hoá, vật phẩm, phương tiện
Cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính phải đưa ra khỏi lãnh thổ nước Cộng hòa xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam hoặc tái xuất hàng hoá, vật phẩm, phương tiện được đưa vào lãnh thổ nước Cộng hòa xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam, nhập khẩu trái với quy định của pháp luật hoặc được tạm nhập, tái xuất nhưng không tái xuất theo đúng quy định của pháp luật.
Biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả này cũng được áp dụng đối với hàng hóa nhập khẩu, quá cảnh xâm phạm quyền sở hữu trí tuệ, hàng hóa giả mạo quyền sở hữu trí tuệ, phương tiện, nguyên liệu, vật liệu nhập khẩu được sử dụng chủ yếu để sản xuất, kinh doanh hàng hóa giả mạo về sở hữu trí tuệ sau khi đã loại bỏ yếu tố vi phạm; nếu cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính không tự nguyện thực hiện thì bị cưỡng chế thực hiện.
Điều 33. Buộc tiêu hủy hàng hóa, vật phẩm gây hại cho sức khỏe con người, vật nuôi, cây trồng và môi trường, văn hóa phẩm có nội dung độc hại
Cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính phải tiêu hủy hàng hóa, vật phẩm gây hại cho sức khoẻ con người, vật nuôi, cây trồng và môi trường, văn hoá phẩm có nội dung độc hại hoặc tang vật khác thuộc đối tượng bị tiêu hủy theo quy định của pháp luật; nếu cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính không tự nguyện thực hiện thì bị cưỡng chế thực hiện.
Điều 34. Buộc cải chính thông tin sai sự thật hoặc gây nhầm lẫn
Cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính phải cải chính thông tin sai sự thật hoặc gây nhầm lẫn đã được công bố, đưa tin trên chính phương tiện thông tin đại chúng, trang thông tin điện tử đã công bố, đưa tin; nếu cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính không tự nguyện thực hiện thì bị cưỡng chế thực hiện.
Điều 35. Buộc loại bỏ yếu tố vi phạm trên hàng hoá, bao bì hàng hóa, phương tiện kinh doanh, vật phẩm
Cá nhân, tổ chức sản xuất, kinh doanh hàng hóa hoặc sử dụng phương tiện kinh doanh, vật phẩm chứa yếu tố vi phạm trên hàng hóa, bao bì hàng hóa, phương tiện kinh doanh, vật phẩm thì phải loại bỏ các yếu tố vi phạm đó; nếu cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính không tự nguyện thực hiện thì bị cưỡng chế thực hiện.
Điều 36. Buộc thu hồi sản phẩm, hàng hóa không bảo đảm chất lượng
Cá nhân, tổ chức sản xuất, kinh doanh sản phẩm, hàng hóa không bảo đảm chất lượng đã đăng ký hoặc công bố và hàng hóa khác không bảo đảm chất lượng, điều kiện lưu thông thì phải thu hồi các sản phẩm, hàng hóa vi phạm đang lưu thông trên thị trường; nếu cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính không tự nguyện thực hiện thì bị cưỡng chế thực hiện.
Điều 37. Buộc nộp lại số lợi bất hợp pháp có được do thực hiện vi phạm hành chính hoặc buộc nộp lại số tiền bằng trị giá tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính đã bị tiêu thụ, tẩu tán, tiêu hủy trái quy định của pháp luật
Cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm phải nộp lại số lợi bất hợp pháp là tiền, tài sản, giấy tờ và vật có giá có được từ vi phạm hành chính mà cá nhân, tổ chức đó đã thực hiện để sung vào ngân sách nhà nước hoặc hoàn trả cho đối tượng bị chiếm đoạt; phải nộp lại số tiền bằng với giá trị tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính nếu tang vật, phương tiện đó đã bị tiêu thụ, tẩu tán, tiêu hủy trái quy định của pháp luật; nếu cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính không tự nguyện thực hiện thì bị cưỡng chế thực hiện.
Chương II
THẨM QUYỀN XỬ PHẠT VI PHẠM HÀNH CHÍNH VÀ ÁP DỤNG BIỆN PHÁP KHẮC PHỤC HẬU QUẢ
Điều 38. Thẩm quyền của Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân
1. Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp xã có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 10% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 5.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức xử phạt tiền được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, b, c và đ khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
2. Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp huyện có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 50% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 50.000.000 đồng;
c) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
d) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
đ) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, b, c, đ, e, h, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
3. Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp tỉnh có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến mức tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này;
c) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
d) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính;
đ) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
Điều 39. Thẩm quyền của Công an nhân dân
1. Chiến sĩ Công an nhân dân đang thi hành công vụ có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 1% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 500.000 đồng.
2. Trạm trưởng, Đội trưởng của người được quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 3% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 1.500.000 đồng.
3. Trưởng Công an cấp xã, Trưởng đồn Công an, Trạm trưởng Trạm Công an cửa khẩu, khu chế xuất có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 5% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 2.500.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, c và đ khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
4. Trưởng Công an cấp huyện; Trưởng phòng nghiệp vụ thuộc Cục Cảnh sát giao thông đường bộ, đường sắt, Trưởng phòng nghiệp vụ thuộc Cục Cảnh sát đường thủy; Trưởng phòng Công an cấp tỉnh gồm Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát quản lý hành chính về trật tự xã hội, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát trật tự, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát phản ứng nhanh, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát điều tra tội phạm về trật tự xã hội, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát điều tra tội phạm về trật tự quản lý kinh tế và chức vụ, Trưởng phòng Cảnh
sát điều tra tội phạm về ma tuý, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát giao thông đường bộ, đường sắt, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát đường thủy, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát bảo vệ và cơ động, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát thi hành án hình sự và hỗ trợ tư pháp, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát phòng, chống tội phạm về môi trường, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát phòng cháy, chữa cháy và cứu hộ, cứu nạn, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát phòng cháy, chữa cháy và cứu nạn trên sông, Trưởng phòng Quản lý xuất nhập cảnh, Trưởng phòng An ninh chính trị nội bộ, Trưởng phòng An ninh kinh tế, Trưởng phòng An ninh văn hóa, tư tưởng, Trưởng phòng An ninh thông tin; Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát phòng cháy, chữa cháy các quận, huyện thuộc Sở Cảnh sát phòng cháy và chữa cháy; Thủ trưởng đơn vị Cảnh sát cơ động từ cấp đại đội trở lên, có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 20% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 25.000.000 đồng;
c) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
d) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
đ) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, c, đ và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
5. Giám đốc Công an cấp tỉnh, Giám đốc Sở Cảnh sát phòng cháy, chữa cháy có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 50% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 50.000.000 đồng;
c) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
d) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
đ) Giám đốc Công an cấp tỉnh quyết định áp dụng hình thức xử phạt trục xuất;
e) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, c, đ, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
6. Cục trưởng Cục An ninh chính trị nội bộ, Cục trưởng Cục An ninh kinh tế, Cục trưởng Cục An ninh văn hóa, tư tưởng, Cục trưởng Cục An ninh thông tin, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát quản lý hành chính về trật tự xã hội, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát điều tra tội phạm về trật tự xã hội, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát điều tra tội phạm về trật tự quản lý kinh tế và chức vụ, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát điều tra tội phạm về ma tuý, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát giao thông đường bộ, đường sắt, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát đường thủy, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát phòng cháy, chữa cháy và cứu hộ, cứu nạn, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát bảo vệ, Cục trưởng Cục Theo dõi thi hành án hình sự và hỗ trợ tư pháp, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát phòng chống tội phạm về môi trường, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát phòng, chống tội phạm sử dụng công nghệ cao có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến mức tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này;
c) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
d) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính;
đ) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, c, đ, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
7. Cục trưởng Cục Quản lý xuất nhập cảnh có thẩm quyền xử phạt theo quy định tại khoản 6 Điều này và có quyền quyết định áp dụng hình thức xử phạt trục xuất.
Điều 40. Thẩm quyền của Bộ đội biên phòng
1. Chiến sĩ Bộ đội biên phòng đang thi hành công vụ có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 1% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 500.000 đồng.
2. Trạm trưởng, Đội trưởng của người được quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 5% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 2.500.000 đồng.
3. Đồn trưởng Đồn biên phòng, Hải đội trưởng Hải đội biên phòng, Chỉ huy trưởng Tiểu khu biên phòng, Chỉ huy trưởng biên phòng Cửa khẩu cảng có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 20% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 25.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, c, đ và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
4. Chỉ huy trưởng Bộ đội biên phòng cấp tỉnh, Chỉ huy trưởng Hải đoàn biên phòng trực thuộc Bộ Tư lệnh Bộ đội biên phòng có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến mức tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này;
c) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
d) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính;
đ) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, c, đ, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
Điều 41. Thẩm quyền của Cảnh sát biển
1. Cảnh sát viên Cảnh sát biển đang thi hành công vụ có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 2% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 1.500.000 đồng.
2. Tổ trưởng Tổ nghiệp vụ Cảnh sát biển có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 5% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 5.000.000 đồng.
3. Đội trưởng Đội nghiệp vụ Cảnh sát biển, Trạm trưởng Trạm Cảnh sát biển có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 10% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 10.000.000 đồng;
c) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, c và đ khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
4. Hải đội trưởng Hải đội Cảnh sát biển có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 20% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 25.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, c, d, đ và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
5. Hải đoàn trưởng Hải đoàn Cảnh sát biển có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 30% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 50.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, c, d, đ và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
6. Chỉ huy trưởng Vùng Cảnh sát biển có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 50% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 100.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, c, d, đ và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
7. Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát biển có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến mức tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này;
c) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
d) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính;
đ) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, b, c, d, đ và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
Điều 42. Thẩm quyền của Hải quan
1. Công chức Hải quan đang thi hành công vụ có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 500.000 đồng.
2. Đội trưởng thuộc Chi cục Hải quan, Đội trưởng thuộc Chi cục kiểm tra sau thông quan có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 5.000.000 đồng.
3. Chi cục trưởng Chi cục Hải quan, Chi cục trưởng Chi cục kiểm tra sau thông quan, Đội trưởng Đội kiểm soát thuộc Cục Hải quan tỉnh, liên tỉnh, thành phố trực thuộc trung ương, Đội trưởng Đội kiểm soát chống buôn lậu, Đội trưởng Đội thủ tục Hải quan, Hải đội trưởng Hải đội kiểm soát trên biển và Đội trưởng Đội kiểm soát bảo vệ quyền sở hữu trí tuệ thuộc Cục điều tra chống buôn lậu Tổng cục Hải quan có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 25.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm d, đ, g, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
4. Cục trưởng Cục điều tra chống buôn lậu, Cục trưởng Cục kiểm tra sau thông quan thuộc Tổng cục Hải quan, Cục trưởng Cục Hải quan tỉnh, liên tỉnh, thành phố trực thuộc trung ương có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 50.000.000 đồng;
c) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
d) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
đ) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm d, đ, g, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
5. Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Hải quan có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến mức tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm d, đ, g, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
Điều 43. Thẩm quyền của Kiểm lâm
1. Kiểm lâm viên đang thi hành công vụ có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 500.000 đồng.
2. Trạm trưởng Trạm Kiểm lâm có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 10.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này.
3. Hạt trưởng Hạt Kiểm lâm, Đội trưởng Đội Kiểm lâm cơ động và phòng cháy, chữa cháy rừng có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 25.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, c, đ, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
4. Chi cục trưởng Chi cục Kiểm lâm, Đội trưởng Đội Kiểm lâm đặc nhiệm thuộc Cục Kiểm lâm có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 50.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
đ) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, b, c, đ, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
5. Cục trưởng Cục Kiểm lâm có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến mức tối đa đối với lĩnh vực quản lý rừng, lâm sản quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính;
d) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
đ) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, b, c, đ, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
Điều 44. Thẩm quyền của cơ quan Thuế
1. Công chức Thuế đang thi hành công vụ có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 500.000 đồng.
2. Đội trưởng Đội Thuế có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 2.500.000 đồng.
3. Chi cục trưởng Chi cục Thuế có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 25.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
4. Cục trưởng Cục Thuế có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 70.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
5. Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Thuế có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến mức tối đa đối với lĩnh vực thuế quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
Điều 45. Thẩm quyền của Quản lý thị trường
1. Kiểm soát viên thị trường đang thi hành công vụ có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 500.000 đồng.
2. Đội trưởng Đội Quản lý thị trường có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 25.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, đ, e, g, h, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
3. Chi Cục trưởng Chi cục Quản lý thị trường thuộc Sở Công thương, Trưởng phòng chống buôn lậu, Trưởng phòng chống hàng giả, Trưởng phòng kiểm soát chất lượng hàng hóa thuộc Cục Quản lý thị trường có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 50.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
đ) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, c, d, đ, e, g, h, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
4. Cục trưởng Cục Quản lý thị trường có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến mức tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính;
d) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
đ) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, c, d, đ, e, g, h, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
Điều 46. Thẩm quyền của Thanh tra
1. Thanh tra viên, người được giao thực hiện nhiệm vụ thanh tra chuyên ngành đang thi hành công vụ có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 1% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 500.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, c và đ khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
2. Chánh Thanh tra sở, Chánh Thanh tra Cục Hàng không, Chánh Thanh tra Cục Hàng hải, Chánh thanh tra Cục An toàn bức xạ và hạt nhân, Chánh thanh tra Ủy ban chứng khoán Nhà nước; Chi cục trưởng Chi cục An toàn vệ sinh thực phẩm, Chi cục trưởng Chi cục Dân số - Kế hoạch hóa gia đình thuộc Sở Y tế, Chi cục trưởng Chi cục về bảo vệ thực vật, thú y, thủy sản, quản lý chất lượng nông lâm sản và thủy sản, thủy lợi, đê điều, lâm nghiệp, phát triển nông thôn thuộc Sở Nông nghiệp và Phát triển nông thôn, Giám đốc Trung tâm Tần số khu vực và các chức danh tương đương được Chính phủ giao thực hiện chức năng thanh tra chuyên ngành có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 50% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 50.000.000 đồng;
c) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
d) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
đ) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
3. Cục trưởng Cục Dự trữ Nhà nước khu vực, Cục trưởng Cục Thống kê, Cục trưởng Cục kiểm soát ô nhiễm, Giám đốc Kho bạc Nhà nước tỉnh, thành phố trực thuộc trung ương và các chức danh tương đương được Chính phủ giao thực hiện chức năng thanh tra chuyên ngành có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 70% mức tiền phạt tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này nhưng không quá 250.000.000 đồng;
c) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
d) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
đ) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
4. Chánh Thanh tra bộ, cơ quan ngang bộ, Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Đường bộ Việt Nam, Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Thống kê, Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Tiêu chuẩn đo lường chất lượng, Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Dạy nghề, Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Thủy lợi, Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Lâm nghiệp, Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Thủy sản, Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Địa chất và Khoáng sản, Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Môi trường, Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Quản lý đất đai, Giám đốc Kho bạc Nhà nước, Chủ tịch Ủy ban chứng khoán Nhà nước, Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Dự trữ Nhà nước, Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Dân số - Kế hoạch hóa gia đình, Chủ nhiệm Ủy ban Nhà nước về người Việt Nam ở nước ngoài, Trưởng Ban Thi đua - Khen thưởng Trung ương, Trưởng Ban Tôn giáo Chính phủ, Cục trưởng Cục Hóa chất, Cục trưởng Cục Kỹ thuật an toàn và môi trường công nghiệp, Cục trưởng Cục Đường sắt Việt Nam, Cục trưởng Cục Đường thủy nội địa Việt Nam, Cục trưởng Cục Hàng hải Việt Nam, Cục trưởng Cục Hàng không Việt Nam, Cục trưởng Cục An toàn bức xạ và hạt nhân, Cục trưởng Cục Thú y, Cục trưởng Cục Bảo vệ thực vật, Cục trưởng Cục Trồng trọt, Cục trưởng Cục Chăn nuôi, Cục trưởng Cục Quản lý chất lượng nông lâm sản và thủy sản, Cục trưởng Cục Kinh tế hợp tác và phát triển nông thôn, Cục trưởng Cục Chế biến, thương mại nông lâm thủy sản và nghề muối, Cục trưởng Cục Quản lý, giám sát bảo hiểm, Cục trưởng Cục Tần số vô tuyến điện, Cục trưởng Cục Viễn thông, Cục trưởng Cục Quản lý phát thanh, truyền hình và thông tin điện tử, Cục trưởng Cục Báo chí, Cục trưởng Cục Xuất bản, Cục trưởng Cục Quản lý dược, Cục trưởng Cục Quản lý khám, chữa bệnh, Cục trưởng Cục Quản lý môi trường y tế, Cục trưởng Cục Y tế dự phòng, Cục trưởng Cục An toàn vệ sinh thực phẩm và các chức danh tương đương được Chính phủ giao thực hiện chức năng thanh tra chuyên ngành có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến mức tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này;
c) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
d) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính;
đ) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
5. Trưởng đoàn thanh tra chuyên ngành cấp bộ có thẩm quyền xử phạt theo quy định tại khoản 3 Điều này.
Trưởng đoàn thanh tra chuyên ngành cấp sở, trưởng đoàn thanh tra chuyên ngành của cơ quan quản lý nhà nước được giao thực hiện chức năng thanh tra chuyên ngành có thẩm quyền xử phạt theo quy định tại khoản 2 Điều này.
Điều 47. Thẩm quyền của Cảng vụ hàng hải, Cảng vụ hàng không, Cảng vụ đường thuỷ nội địa
1. Trưởng đại diện Cảng vụ hàng hải, Trưởng đại diện Cảng vụ hàng không, Trưởng đại diện Cảng vụ đường thủy nội địa có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 10.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này.
2. Giám đốc Cảng vụ hàng hải, Giám đốc Cảng vụ hàng không, Giám đốc Cảng vụ đường thuỷ nội địa thuộc Cục Đường thủy nội địa Việt Nam có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 25.000.000 đồng;
c) Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
d) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
đ) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, b, c, đ, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
Điều 48. Thẩm quyền của Toà án nhân dân
1. Thẩm phán chủ tọa phiên toà có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 1.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này.
2. Thẩm phán được phân công giải quyết vụ việc phá sản có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 5.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
3. Chánh án Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện, Chánh tòa chuyên trách Tòa án nhân dân cấp tỉnh, Chánh án Tòa án quân sự khu vực có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 7.500.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này.
4. Chánh án Tòa án nhân dân cấp tỉnh, Chánh án Tòa án quân sự quân khu và tương đương, Chánh tòa Phúc thẩm Tòa án nhân dân tối cao, Chánh tòa chuyên trách Tòa án nhân dân tối cao có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến mức tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện được sử dụng để vi phạm hành chính;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
Điều 49. Thẩm quyền của cơ quan thi hành án dân sự
1. Chấp hành viên thi hành án dân sự đang thi hành công vụ có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 500.000 đồng.
2. Chi Cục trưởng Chi cục Thi hành án dân sự có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 2.500.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
3. Chấp hành viên thi hành án dân sự là Tổ trưởng tổ quản lý, thanh lý tài sản của vụ việc phá sản có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 5.000.000 đồng;
c) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
4. Cục trưởng Cục Thi hành án dân sự, Trưởng phòng Phòng Thi hành án cấp quân khu có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến 20.000.000 đồng;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có giá trị không vượt quá mức tiền phạt được quy định tại điểm b khoản này;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
5. Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Thi hành án dân sự có quyền:
a) Phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền đến mức tối đa đối với lĩnh vực thi hành án dân sự quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính;
d) Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
Điều 50. Thẩm quyền của Cục Quản lý lao động ngoài nước
Cục trưởng Cục Quản lý lao động ngoài nước có quyền:
1. Phạt cảnh cáo;
2. Phạt tiền đến mức tối đa đối với lĩnh vực quản lý lao động ngoài nước quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này;
3. Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính;
4. Tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn;
5. Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
Điều 51. Thẩm quyền của cơ quan đại diện ngoại giao, cơ quan lãnh sự, cơ quan khác được ủy quyền thực hiện chức năng lãnh sự của nước Cộng hòa xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam ở nước ngoài
Người đứng đầu cơ quan đại diện ngoại giao, cơ quan lãnh sự, cơ quan khác được ủy quyền thực hiện chức năng lãnh sự của nước Cộng hòa xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam ở nước ngoài có quyền:
1. Phạt cảnh cáo;
2. Phạt tiền đến mức tối đa đối với lĩnh vực tương ứng quy định tại Điều 24 của Luật này;
3. Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính;
4. Áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại các điểm a, i và k khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
Điều 52. Nguyên tắc xác định và phân định thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính và áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả
1. Thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính của những người được quy định tại các điều từ 38 đến 51 của Luật này là thẩm quyền áp dụng đối với một hành vi vi phạm hành chính của cá nhân; trong trường hợp phạt tiền, thẩm quyền xử phạt tổ chức gấp 02 lần thẩm quyền xử phạt cá nhân và được xác định theo tỉ lệ phần trăm quy định tại Luật này đối với chức danh đó.
Trong trường hợp phạt tiền đối với vi phạm hành chính trong khu vực nội thành thuộc các lĩnh vực quy định tại đoạn 2 khoản 1 Điều 23 của Luật này, thì các chức danh có thẩm quyền phạt tiền đối với các hành vi vi phạm hành chính do Chính phủ quy định cũng có thẩm quyền xử phạt tương ứng với mức tiền phạt cao hơn đối với các hành vi vi phạm hành chính do Hội đồng nhân dân thành phố trực thuộc trung ương quy định áp dụng trong nội thành.
2. Thẩm quyền phạt tiền quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này được xác định căn cứ vào mức tối đa của khung tiền phạt quy định đối với từng hành vi vi phạm cụ thể.
3. Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân các cấp có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính trong các lĩnh vực quản lý nhà nước ở địa phương.
Người có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính quy định tại các điều từ 39 đến 51 của Luật này có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính thuộc lĩnh vực, ngành mình quản lý.
Trong trường hợp vi phạm hành chính thuộc thẩm quyền xử phạt của nhiều người, thì việc xử phạt vi phạm hành chính do người thụ lý đầu tiên thực hiện.
4. Trường hợp xử phạt một người thực hiện nhiều hành vi vi phạm hành chính thì thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính được xác định theo nguyên tắc sau đây:
a) Nếu hình thức, mức xử phạt, trị giá tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu, biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả được quy định đối với từng hành vi đều thuộc thẩm quyền của người xử phạt vi phạm hành chính thì thẩm quyền xử phạt vẫn thuộc người đó;
b) Nếu hình thức, mức xử phạt, trị giá tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu, biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả được quy định đối với một trong các hành vi vượt quá thẩm quyền của người xử phạt vi phạm hành chính thì người đó phải chuyển vụ vi phạm đến cấp có thẩm quyền xử phạt;
c) Nếu hành vi thuộc thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính của nhiều người thuộc các ngành khác nhau, thì thẩm quyền xử phạt thuộc Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp có thẩm quyền xử phạt nơi xảy ra vi phạm.
Điều 53. Thay đổi tên gọi của chức danh có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính
Trường hợp chức danh có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính quy định tại Luật này có sự thay đổi về tên gọi thì chức danh đó có thẩm quyền xử phạt.
Điều 54. Giao quyền xử phạt
1. Người có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính quy định tại Điều 38; các khoản 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 và 7 Điều 39; các khoản 2, 3 và 4 Điều 40; các khoản 3, 4, 5, 6 và 7 Điều 41; các khoản 2, 3, 4 và 5 Điều 42; các khoản 2, 3, 4 và 5 Điều 43; các khoản 2, 3, 4 và 5 Điều 44; các khoản 2, 3 và 4 Điều 45; các khoản 2, 3 và 4 Điều 46; Điều 47; khoản 3 và khoản 4 Điều 48; các khoản 2, 4 và 5 Điều 49; Điều 50 và Điều 51 của Luật này có thể giao cho cấp phó thực hiện thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính.
2. Việc giao quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính được thực hiện thường xuyên hoặc theo vụ việc và phải được thể hiện bằng văn bản, trong đó xác định rõ phạm vi, nội dung, thời hạn giao quyền.
3. Cấp phó được giao quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính phải chịu trách nhiệm về quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính của mình trước cấp trưởng và trước pháp luật. Người được giao quyền không được giao quyền, ủy quyền cho bất kỳ người nào khác.
Chương III
THỦ TỤC XỬ PHẠT, THI HÀNH QUYẾT ĐỊNH XỬ PHẠT VÀ CƯỠNG CHẾ THI HÀNH QUYẾT ĐỊNH XỬ PHẠT
Mục 1. THỦ TỤC XỬ PHẠT
Điều 55. Buộc chấm dứt hành vi vi phạm hành chính
Buộc chấm dứt hành vi vi phạm hành chính được người có thẩm quyền đang thi hành công vụ áp dụng đối với hành vi vi phạm hành chính đang diễn ra nhằm chấm dứt ngay hành vi vi phạm. Buộc chấm dứt hành vi vi phạm hành chính được thực hiện bằng lời nói, còi, hiệu lệnh, văn bản hoặc hình thức khác theo quy định của pháp luật.
Điều 56. Xử phạt vi phạm hành chính không lập biên bản
1. Xử phạt vi phạm hành chính không lập biên bản được áp dụng trong trường hợp xử phạt cảnh cáo hoặc phạt tiền đến 250.000 đồng đối với cá nhân, 500.000 đồng đối với tổ chức và người có thẩm quyền xử phạt phải ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính tại chỗ.
Trường hợp vi phạm hành chính được phát hiện nhờ sử dụng phương tiện, thiết bị kỹ thuật, nghiệp vụ thì phải lập biên bản.
2. Quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính tại chỗ phải ghi rõ ngày, tháng, năm ra quyết định; họ, tên, địa chỉ của cá nhân vi phạm hoặc tên, địa chỉ của tổ chức vi phạm; hành vi vi phạm; địa điểm xảy ra vi phạm; chứng cứ và tình tiết liên quan đến việc giải quyết vi phạm; họ, tên, chức vụ của người ra quyết định xử phạt; điều, khoản của văn bản pháp luật được áp dụng. Trường hợp phạt tiền thì trong quyết định phải ghi rõ mức tiền phạt.
Điều 57. Xử phạt vi phạm hành chính có lập biên bản, hồ sơ xử phạt vi phạm hành chính
1. Xử phạt vi phạm hành chính có lập biên bản được áp dụng đối với hành vi vi phạm hành chính của cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính không thuộc trường hợp quy định tại đoạn 1 khoản 1 Điều 56 của Luật này.
2. Việc xử phạt vi phạm hành chính có lập biên bản phải được người có thẩm quyền xử phạt lập thành hồ sơ xử phạt vi phạm hành chính. Hồ sơ bao gồm biên bản vi phạm hành chính, quyết định xử phạt hành chính, các tài liệu, giấy tờ có liên quan và phải được đánh bút lục.
Hồ sơ phải được lưu trữ theo quy định của pháp luật về lưu trữ.
Điều 58. Lập biên bản vi phạm hành chính
1. Khi phát hiện vi phạm hành chính thuộc lĩnh vực quản lý của mình, người có thẩm quyền đang thi hành công vụ phải kịp thời lập biên bản, trừ trường hợp xử phạt không lập biên bản theo quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 56 của Luật này.
Trường hợp vi phạm hành chính được phát hiện nhờ sử dụng phương tiện, thiết bị kỹ thuật, nghiệp vụ thì việc lập biên bản vi phạm hành chính được tiến hành ngay khi xác định được tổ chức, cá nhân vi phạm.
Vi phạm hành chính xảy ra trên tàu bay, tàu biển, tàu hỏa thì người chỉ huy tàu bay, thuyền trưởng, trưởng tàu có trách nhiệm tổ chức lập biên bản và chuyển ngay cho người có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính khi tàu bay, tàu biển, tàu hỏa về đến sân bay, bến cảng, nhà ga.
2. Biên bản vi phạm hành chính phải ghi rõ ngày, tháng, năm, địa điểm lập biên bản; họ, tên, chức vụ người lập biên bản; họ, tên, địa chỉ, nghề nghiệp của người vi phạm hoặc tên, địa chỉ của tổ chức vi phạm; giờ, ngày, tháng, năm, địa điểm xảy ra vi phạm; hành vi vi phạm; biện pháp ngăn chặn vi phạm hành chính và bảo đảm việc xử lý; tình trạng tang vật, phương tiện bị tạm giữ; lời khai của người vi phạm hoặc đại diện tổ chức vi phạm; nếu có người chứng kiến, người bị thiệt hại hoặc đại diện tổ chức bị thiệt hại thì phải ghi rõ họ, tên, địa chỉ, lời khai của họ; quyền và thời hạn giải trình về vi phạm hành chính của người vi phạm hoặc đại diện của tổ chức vi phạm; cơ quan tiếp nhận giải trình.
Trường hợp người vi phạm, đại diện tổ chức vi phạm không có mặt tại nơi vi phạm hoặc cố tình trốn tránh hoặc vì lý do khách quan mà không ký vào biên bản thì biên bản phải có chữ ký của đại diện chính quyền cơ sở nơi xảy ra vi phạm hoặc của hai người chứng kiến.
3. Biên bản vi phạm hành chính phải được lập thành ít nhất 02 bản, phải được người lập biên bản và người vi phạm hoặc đại diện tổ chức vi phạm ký; trường hợp người vi phạm không ký được thì điểm chỉ; nếu có người chứng kiến, người bị thiệt hại hoặc đại diện tổ chức bị thiệt hại thì họ cùng phải ký vào biên bản; trường hợp biên bản gồm nhiều tờ, thì những người được quy định tại khoản này phải ký vào từng tờ biên bản. Nếu người vi phạm, đại diện tổ chức vi phạm, người chứng kiến, người bị thiệt hại hoặc đại diện tổ chức bị thiệt hại từ chối ký thì người lập biên bản phải ghi rõ lý do vào biên bản.
Biên bản vi phạm hành chính lập xong phải giao cho cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính 01 bản; trường hợp vi phạm hành chính không thuộc thẩm quyền hoặc vượt quá thẩm quyền xử phạt của người lập biên bản thì biên bản phải được chuyển ngay đến người có thẩm quyền xử phạt để tiến hành xử phạt.
Trường hợp người chưa thành niên vi phạm hành chính thì biên bản còn được gửi cho cha mẹ hoặc người giám hộ của người đó.
Điều 59. Xác minh tình tiết của vụ việc vi phạm hành chính
1. Khi xem xét ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính, trong trường hợp cần thiết người có thẩm quyền xử phạt có trách nhiệm xác minh các tình tiết sau đây:
a) Có hay không có vi phạm hành chính;
b) Cá nhân, tổ chức thực hiện hành vi vi phạm hành chính, lỗi, nhân thân của cá nhân vi phạm hành chính;
c) Tình tiết tăng nặng, giảm nhẹ;
d) Tính chất, mức độ thiệt hại do vi phạm hành chính gây ra;
đ) Trường hợp không ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính theo quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 65 của Luật này;
e) Tình tiết khác có ý nghĩa đối với việc xem xét, quyết định xử phạt.
Trong quá trình xem xét, ra quyết định xử phạt, người có thẩm quyền xử phạt có thể trưng cầu giám định. Việc trưng cầu giám định được thực hiện theo quy định của pháp luật về giám định.
2. Việc xác minh tình tiết của vụ việc vi phạm hành chính phải được thể hiện bằng văn bản.
Điều 60. Xác định giá trị tang vật vi phạm hành chính để làm căn cứ xác định khung tiền phạt, thẩm quyền xử phạt
1. Trong trường hợp cần xác định giá trị tang vật vi phạm hành chính để làm căn cứ xác định khung tiền phạt, thẩm quyền xử phạt, người có thẩm quyền đang giải quyết vụ việc phải xác định giá trị tang vật và phải chịu trách nhiệm về việc xác định đó.
2. Tùy theo loại tang vật cụ thể, việc xác định giá trị dựa trên một trong các căn cứ theo thứ tự ưu tiên sau đây:
a) Giá niêm yết hoặc giá ghi trên hợp đồng hoặc hoá đơn mua bán hoặc tờ khai nhập khẩu;
b) Giá theo thông báo của cơ quan tài chính địa phương; trường hợp không có thông báo giá thì theo giá thị trường của địa phương tại thời điểm xảy ra vi phạm hành chính;
c) Giá thành của tang vật nếu là hàng hoá chưa xuất bán;
d) Đối với tang vật là hàng giả thì giá của tang vật đó là giá thị trường của hàng hoá thật hoặc hàng hoá có cùng tính năng, kỹ thuật, công dụng tại thời điểm nơi phát hiện vi phạm hành chính.
3. Trường hợp không thể áp dụng được căn cứ quy định tại khoản 2 Điều này để xác định giá trị tang vật vi phạm hành chính làm căn cứ xác định khung tiền phạt, thẩm quyền xử phạt thì người có thẩm quyền đang giải quyết vụ việc có thể ra quyết định tạm giữ tang vật vi phạm và thành lập Hội đồng định giá. Hội đồng định giá gồm có người ra quyết định tạm giữ tang vật vi phạm hành chính là Chủ tịch Hội đồng, đại diện cơ quan tài chính cùng cấp và đại diện cơ quan chuyên môn có liên quan là thành viên.
Thời hạn tạm giữ tang vật để xác định giá trị không quá 24 giờ, kể từ thời điểm ra quyết định tạm giữ, trong trường hợp thật cần thiết thì thời hạn có thể kéo dài thêm nhưng tối đa không quá 24 giờ. Mọi chi phí liên quan đến việc tạm giữ, định giá và thiệt hại do việc tạm giữ gây ra do cơ quan của người có thẩm quyền ra quyết định tạm giữ chi trả. Thủ tục, biên bản tạm giữ được thực hiện theo quy định tại khoản 5 và khoản 9 Điều 125 của Luật này.
4. Căn cứ để xác định giá trị và các tài liệu liên quan đến việc xác định giá trị tang vật vi phạm hành chính phải thể hiện trong hồ sơ xử phạt vi phạm hành chính.
Điều 61. Giải trình
1. Đối với hành vi vi phạm hành chính mà pháp luật quy định áp dụng hình thức xử phạt tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn hoặc áp dụng mức phạt tiền tối đa của khung tiền phạt đối với hành vi đó từ 15.000.000 đồng trở lên đối với cá nhân, từ 30.000.000 đồng trở lên đối với tổ chức thì cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm có quyền giải trình trực tiếp hoặc bằng văn bản với người có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính. Người có thẩm quyền xử phạt có trách nhiệm xem xét ý kiến giải trình của cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính trước khi ra quyết định xử phạt, trừ trường hợp cá nhân, tổ chức không có yêu cầu giải trình trong thời hạn quy định tại khoản 2 và khoản 3 Điều này.
2. Đối với trường hợp giải trình bằng văn bản, cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính phải gửi văn bản giải trình cho người có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính trong thời hạn không quá 05 ngày, kể từ ngày lập biên bản vi phạm hành chính.
Trường hợp vụ việc có nhiều tình tiết phức tạp thì người có thẩm quyền có thể gia hạn thêm không quá 05 ngày theo đề nghị của cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm.
Cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính tự mình hoặc uỷ quyền cho người đại diện hợp pháp của mình thực hiện việc giải trình bằng văn bản.
3. Đối với trường hợp giải trình trực tiếp, cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính phải gửi văn bản yêu cầu được giải trình trực tiếp đến người có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính trong thời hạn 02 ngày làm việc, kể từ ngày lập biên bản vi phạm hành chính.
Người có thẩm quyền xử phạt phải thông báo bằng văn bản cho người vi phạm về thời gian và địa điểm tổ chức phiên giải trình trực tiếp trong thời hạn 05 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được yêu cầu của người vi phạm.
Người có thẩm quyền xử phạt tổ chức phiên giải trình trực tiếp và có trách nhiệm nêu căn cứ pháp lý và tình tiết, chứng cứ liên quan đến hành vi vi phạm hành chính, hình thức xử phạt, biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả dự kiến áp dụng đối với hành vi vi phạm. Cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính, người
đại diện hợp pháp của họ có quyền tham gia phiên giải trình và đưa ra ý kiến, chứng cứ để bảo vệ quyền và lợi ích hợp pháp của mình.
Việc giải trình trực tiếp được lập thành biên bản và phải có chữ ký của các bên liên quan; trường hợp biên bản gồm nhiều tờ thì các bên phải ký vào từng tờ biên bản. Biên bản này phải được lưu trong hồ sơ xử phạt vi phạm hành chính và giao cho cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hoặc người đại diện hợp pháp của họ 01 bản.
Điều 62. Chuyển hồ sơ vụ vi phạm có dấu hiệu tội phạm để truy cứu trách nhiệm hình sự
1. Khi xem xét vụ vi phạm để quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính, nếu xét thấy hành vi vi phạm có dấu hiệu tội phạm, thì người có thẩm quyền xử phạt phải chuyển ngay hồ sơ vụ vi phạm cho cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng hình sự.
2. Trong quá trình thi hành quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính, nếu hành vi vi phạm được phát hiện có dấu hiệu tội phạm mà chưa hết thời hiệu truy cứu trách nhiệm hình sự thì người đã ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính phải ra quyết định tạm đình chỉ thi hành quyết định đó và trong thời hạn 03 ngày, kể từ ngày tạm đình chỉ phải chuyển hồ sơ vụ vi phạm cho cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng hình sự; trường hợp đã thi hành xong quyết định xử phạt thì người đã ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính phải chuyển hồ sơ vụ vi phạm cho cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng hình sự.
3. Cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng hình sự có trách nhiệm xem xét, kết luận vụ việc và trả lời kết quả giải quyết bằng văn bản cho người có thẩm quyền đã chuyển hồ sơ trong thời hạn theo quy định của pháp luật tố tụng hình sự; trường hợp không khởi tố vụ án hình sự thì trong thời hạn 03 ngày, kể từ ngày có quyết định không khởi tố vụ án hình sự, cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng phải trả hồ sơ vụ việc cho người có thẩm quyền xử phạt đã chuyển hồ sơ đến.
Trường hợp quy định tại khoản 2 Điều này, nếu cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng hình sự có quyết định khởi tố vụ án thì người có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính phải huỷ bỏ quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính và chuyển toàn bộ tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính và tài liệu về việc thi hành quyết định xử phạt cho cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng hình sự.
4. Việc chuyển hồ sơ vụ vi phạm có dấu hiệu tội phạm để truy cứu trách nhiệm hình sự phải được thông báo bằng văn bản cho cá nhân vi phạm.
Điều 63. Chuyển hồ sơ vụ vi phạm để xử phạt hành chính
1. Đối với vụ việc do cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng hình sự thụ lý, giải quyết, nhưng sau đó lại có quyết định không khởi tố vụ án hình sự, quyết định hủy bỏ quyết định khởi tố vụ án hình sự, quyết định đình chỉ điều tra hoặc quyết định đình chỉ vụ án, nếu hành vi có dấu hiệu vi phạm hành chính, thì trong thời hạn 03 ngày, kể từ ngày ra quyết định, cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng hình sự phải chuyển các quyết định nêu trên kèm theo hồ sơ, tang vật, phương tiện của vụ vi phạm và đề nghị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính đến người có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính.
2. Việc xử phạt vi phạm hành chính được căn cứ vào hồ sơ vụ vi phạm do cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng hình sự chuyển đến.
Trường hợp cần thiết, người có thẩm quyền xử phạt tiến hành xác minh thêm tình tiết để làm căn cứ ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính.
3. Thời hạn ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính là 30 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được các quyết định quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này kèm theo hồ sơ vụ vi phạm. Trong trường hợp cần xác minh thêm quy định tại khoản 2 Điều này thì thời hạn tối đa không quá 45 ngày.
Điều 64. Sử dụng phương tiện, thiết bị kỹ thuật nghiệp vụ trong việc phát hiện vi phạm hành chính.
1. Cơ quan, người có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính được sử dụng phương tiện, thiết bị kỹ thuật nghiệp vụ để phát hiện vi phạm hành chính về trật tự, an toàn giao thông và bảo vệ môi trường.
2. Việc quản lý, sử dụng và quy định danh mục các phương tiện, thiết bị kỹ thuật nghiệp vụ phải bảo đảm các nguyên tắc sau đây:
a) Tôn trọng quyền tự do, danh dự, nhân phẩm, bí mật đời tư của công dân, các quyền và lợi ích hợp pháp khác của cá nhân và tổ chức;
b) Tuân thủ đúng quy trình, quy tắc về sử dụng phương tiện, thiết bị kỹ thuật nghiệp vụ;
c) Kết quả thu thập được bằng phương tiện, thiết bị kỹ thuật nghiệp vụ phải được ghi nhận bằng văn bản và chỉ được sử dụng trong xử phạt vi phạm hành chính;
d) Phương tiện, thiết bị kỹ thuật nghiệp vụ phải bảo đảm đúng tiêu chuẩn, quy chuẩn kỹ thuật do cơ quan có thẩm quyền quy định.
3. Chính phủ quy định việc quản lý, sử dụng và danh mục các phương tiện, thiết bị kỹ thuật nghiệp vụ được sử dụng để phát hiện vi phạm hành chính.
Điều 65. Những trường hợp không ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính
1. Không ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính trong những trường hợp sau đây:
a) Trường hợp quy định tại Điều 11 của Luật này;
b) Không xác định được đối tượng vi phạm hành chính;
c) Hết thời hiệu xử phạt vi phạm hành chính quy định tại Điều 6 hoặc hết thời hạn ra quyết định xử phạt quy định tại khoản 3 Điều 63 hoặc khoản 1 Điều 66 của Luật này;
d) Cá nhân vi phạm hành chính chết, mất tích, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính đã giải thể, phá sản trong thời gian xem xét ra quyết định xử phạt;
đ) Chuyển hồ sơ vụ vi phạm có dấu hiệu tội phạm theo quy định tại Điều 62 của Luật này.
2. Đối với trường hợp quy định tại các điểm a, b, c và d khoản 1 Điều này, người có thẩm quyền không ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính nhưng có thể ra quyết định tịch thu sung vào ngân sách nhà nước hoặc tiêu hủy tang vật vi phạm hành chính thuộc loại cấm lưu hành và áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
Quyết định phải ghi rõ lý do không ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính; tang vật bị tịch thu, tiêu hủy; biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả được áp dụng, trách nhiệm và thời hạn thực hiện.
Điều 66. Thời hạn ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính
1. Người có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính phải ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính trong thời hạn 07 ngày, kể từ ngày lập biên bản vi phạm hành chính. Đối với vụ việc có nhiều tình tiết phức tạp mà không thuộc trường hợp giải trình hoặc đối với vụ việc thuộc trường hợp giải trình theo quy định tại khoản 2 và khoản 3 Điều 61 của Luật này thì thời hạn ra quyết định xử phạt tối đa là 30 ngày, kể từ ngày lập biên bản.
Trường hợp vụ việc đặc biệt nghiêm trọng, có nhiều tình tiết phức tạp và thuộc trường hợp giải trình theo quy định tại đoạn 2 khoản 2 và khoản 3 Điều 61 của Luật này mà cần có thêm thời gian để xác minh, thu thập chứng cứ thì người có thẩm quyền đang giải quyết vụ việc phải báo cáo thủ trưởng trực tiếp của mình bằng văn bản để xin gia hạn; việc gia hạn phải bằng văn bản, thời hạn gia hạn không được quá 30 ngày.
2. Quá thời hạn quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này hoặc khoản 3 Điều 63 của Luật này, người có thẩm quyền xử phạt không ra quyết định xử phạt nhưng vẫn quyết định áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này, quyết định tịch thu sung vào ngân sách nhà nước hoặc tiêu hủy tang vật vi phạm hành chính thuộc loại cấm lưu hành.
Người có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính nếu có lỗi trong việc để quá thời hạn mà không ra quyết định xử phạt thì bị xử lý theo quy định của pháp luật.
Điều 67. Ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính
1. Trường hợp một cá nhân, tổ chức thực hiện nhiều hành vi vi phạm hành chính mà bị xử phạt trong cùng một lần thì chỉ ra 01 quyết định xử phạt, trong đó quyết định hình thức, mức xử phạt đối với từng hành vi vi phạm hành chính.
2. Trường hợp nhiều cá nhân, tổ chức cùng thực hiện một hành vi vi phạm hành chính thì có thể ra 01 hoặc nhiều quyết định xử phạt để quyết định hình thức, mức xử phạt đối với từng cá nhân, tổ chức.
3. Trường hợp nhiều cá nhân, tổ chức thực hiện nhiều hành vi vi phạm hành chính khác nhau trong cùng một vụ vi phạm thì có thể ra 01 hoặc nhiều quyết định xử phạt để quyết định hình thức, mức xử phạt đối với từng hành vi vi phạm của từng cá nhân, tổ chức.
4. Quyết định xử phạt có hiệu lực kể từ ngày ký, trừ trường hợp trong quyết định quy định ngày có hiệu lực khác.
Điều 68. Nội dung quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính
1. Quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính phải bao gồm các nội dung chính sau đây:
a) Địa danh, ngày, tháng, năm ra quyết định;
b) Căn cứ pháp lý để ban hành quyết định;
c) Biên bản vi phạm hành chính, kết quả xác minh, văn bản giải trình của cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hoặc biên bản họp giải trình và tài liệu khác (nếu có);
d) Họ, tên, chức vụ của người ra quyết định;
đ) Họ, tên, địa chỉ, nghề nghiệp của người vi phạm hoặc tên, địa chỉ của tổ chức vi phạm;
e) Hành vi vi phạm hành chính; tình tiết giảm nhẹ, tình tiết tăng nặng;
g) Điều, khoản của văn bản pháp luật được áp dụng;
h) Hình thức xử phạt chính; hình thức xử phạt bổ sung, biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả (nếu có);
i) Quyền khiếu nại, khởi kiện đối với quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính;
k) Hiệu lực của quyết định, thời hạn và nơi thi hành quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính, nơi nộp tiền phạt;
l) Họ tên, chữ ký của người ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính;
m) Trách nhiệm thi hành quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính và việc cưỡng chế trong trường hợp cá nhân, tổ chức bị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính không tự nguyện chấp hành.
2. Thời hạn thi hành quyết định là 10 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận quyết định xử phạt; trường hợp quyết định xử phạt có ghi thời hạn thi hành nhiều hơn 10 ngày thì thực hiện theo thời hạn đó.
3. Trường hợp ban hành một quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính chung đối với nhiều cá nhân, tổ chức cùng thực hiện một hành vi vi phạm hoặc nhiều cá nhân, tổ chức thực hiện nhiều hành vi vi phạm hành chính khác nhau trong cùng một vụ vi phạm thì nội dung hành vi vi phạm, hình thức, mức xử phạt đối với từng cá nhân, tổ chức phải xác định cụ thể, rõ ràng.
Mục 2. THI HÀNH QUYẾT ĐỊNH XỬ PHẠT VI PHẠM HÀNH CHÍNH
Điều 69. Thi hành quyết định xử phạt không lập biên bản
1. Quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính không lập biên bản phải được giao cho cá nhân, tổ chức bị xử phạt 01 bản. Trường hợp người chưa thành niên bị xử phạt cảnh cáo thì quyết định xử phạt còn được gửi cho cha mẹ hoặc người giám hộ của người đó.
2. Cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm nộp tiền phạt tại chỗ cho người có thẩm quyền xử phạt. Người thu tiền phạt có trách nhiệm giao chứng từ thu tiền phạt cho cá nhân, tổ chức nộp tiền phạt và phải nộp tiền phạt trực tiếp tại Kho bạc Nhà nước hoặc nộp vào tài khoản của Kho bạc Nhà nước trong thời hạn 02 ngày làm việc, kể từ ngày thu tiền phạt.
Trường hợp cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm không có khả năng nộp tiền phạt tại chỗ thì nộp tại Kho bạc Nhà nước hoặc nộp vào tài khoản của Kho bạc Nhà nước ghi trong quyết định xử phạt trong thời hạn quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 78 của Luật này.
Điều 70. Gửi quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính để thi hành
Trong thời hạn 02 ngày làm việc, kể từ ngày ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính có lập biên bản, người có thẩm quyền đã ra quyết định xử phạt phải gửi cho cá nhân, tổ chức bị xử phạt, cơ quan thu tiền phạt và cơ quan liên quan khác (nếu có) để thi hành.
Quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính được giao trực tiếp hoặc gửi qua bưu điện bằng hình thức bảo đảm và thông báo cho cá nhân, tổ chức bị xử phạt biết.
Đối với trường hợp quyết định được giao trực tiếp mà cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm cố tình không nhận quyết định thì người có thẩm quyền lập biên bản về việc không nhận quyết định có xác nhận của chính quyền địa phương và được coi là quyết định đã được giao.
Đối với trường hợp gửi qua bưu điện bằng hình thức bảo đảm, nếu sau thời hạn 10 ngày, kể từ ngày quyết định xử phạt đã được gửi qua đường bưu điện đến lần thứ ba mà bị trả lại do cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm cố tình không nhận; quyết định xử phạt đã được niêm yết tại nơi cư trú của cá nhân, trụ sở của tổ chức bị xử phạt hoặc có căn cứ cho rằng người vi phạm trốn tránh không nhận quyết định xử phạt thì được coi là quyết định đã được giao.
Điều 71. Chuyển quyết định xử phạt để tổ chức thi hành
1. Trong trường hợp cá nhân, tổ chức thực hiện vi phạm hành chính ở địa bàn cấp tỉnh này nhưng cư trú, đóng trụ sở ở địa bàn cấp tỉnh khác và không có điều kiện chấp hành quyết định xử phạt tại nơi bị xử phạt thì quyết định xử phạt được chuyển đến cơ quan cùng cấp nơi cá nhân cư trú, tổ chức đóng trụ sở để tổ chức thi hành; nếu nơi cá nhân cư trú, tổ chức đóng trụ sở không có cơ quan cùng cấp thì quyết định xử phạt được chuyển đến Ủy ban nhân dân cấp huyện để tổ chức thi hành.
2. Trong trường hợp vi phạm hành chính xảy ra ở địa bàn cấp huyện này nhưng cá nhân cư trú, tổ chức đóng trụ sở ở địa bàn cấp huyện khác và thuộc phạm vi một tỉnh ở miền núi, hải đảo, vùng xa xôi, hẻo lánh mà việc đi lại gặp khó khăn và cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm không có điều kiện chấp hành quyết định xử phạt tại nơi bị xử phạt thì quyết định xử phạt được chuyển đến cơ quan cùng cấp nơi cá nhân cư trú, tổ chức đóng trụ sở để tổ chức thi hành.
3. Cơ quan có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính đối với các trường hợp quy định tại khoản 1 và khoản 2 Điều này có trách nhiệm chuyển toàn bộ hồ sơ, giấy tờ liên quan; tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính (nếu có) cho cơ quan tiếp nhận quyết định xử phạt để thi hành theo quy định của Luật này. Cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm có trách nhiệm trả chi phí vận chuyển hồ sơ, tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính.
Điều 72. Công bố công khai trên các phương tiện thông tin đại chúng việc xử phạt đối với cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính
1. Trường hợp vi phạm hành chính về an toàn thực phẩm; chất lượng sản phẩm, hàng hóa; dược; khám bệnh, chữa bệnh; lao động; xây dựng; bảo hiểm xã hội; bảo hiểm y tế; bảo vệ môi trường; thuế; chứng khoán; sở hữu trí tuệ; đo lường; sản xuất, buôn bán hàng giả mà gây hậu quả lớn hoặc gây ảnh hưởng xấu về dư luận xã hội thì cơ quan của người có thẩm quyền xử phạt vi phạm hành chính có trách nhiệm công bố công khai về việc xử phạt.
2. Nội dung công bố công khai bao gồm cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính, hành vi vi phạm, hình thức xử phạt và biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả.
3. Việc công bố công khai được thực hiện trên trang thông tin điện tử hoặc báo của cơ quan quản lý cấp bộ, cấp sở hoặc của Ủy ban nhân dân cấp tỉnh nơi xảy ra vi phạm hành chính.
Điều 73. Thi hành quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính
1. Cá nhân, tổ chức bị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính phải chấp hành quyết định xử phạt trong thời hạn 10 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính; trường hợp quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính có ghi thời hạn thi hành nhiều hơn 10 ngày thì thực hiện theo thời hạn đó.
Trường hợp cá nhân, tổ chức bị xử phạt khiếu nại, khởi kiện đối với quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính thì vẫn phải chấp hành quyết định xử phạt, trừ trường hợp quy định tại khoản 3 Điều 15 của Luật này. Việc khiếu nại, khởi kiện được giải quyết theo quy định của pháp luật.
2. Người có thẩm quyền xử phạt đã ra quyết định xử phạt có trách nhiệm theo dõi, kiểm tra việc chấp hành quyết định xử phạt của cá nhân, tổ chức bị xử phạt và thông báo kết quả thi hành xong quyết định cho cơ quan quản lý cơ sở dữ liệu về xử lý vi phạm hành chính của Bộ Tư pháp, cơ quan tư pháp địa phương.
Điều 74. Thời hiệu thi hành quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính
1. Thời hiệu thi hành quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính là 01 năm, kể từ ngày ra quyết định, quá thời hạn này thì không thi hành quyết định đó nữa, trừ trường hợp quyết định xử phạt có hình thức xử phạt tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính, áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả thì vẫn phải tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện thuộc loại cấm lưu hành, áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả trong trường hợp cần thiết để bảo vệ môi trường, bảo đảm giao thông, xây dựng và an ninh trật tự, an toàn xã hội.
2. Trong trường hợp cá nhân, tổ chức bị xử phạt cố tình trốn tránh, trì hoãn thì thời hiệu nói trên được tính kể từ thời điểm chấm dứt hành vi trốn tránh, trì hoãn.
Điều 75. Thi hành quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính trong trường hợp người bị xử phạt chết, mất tích, tổ chức bị xử phạt giải thể, phá sản
Trường hợp người bị xử phạt chết, mất tích, tổ chức bị xử phạt giải thể, phá sản thì không thi hành quyết định phạt tiền nhưng vẫn thi hành hình thức xử phạt tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính và biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả được ghi trong quyết định.
Chính phủ quy định chi tiết Điều này.
Điều 76. Hoãn thi hành quyết định phạt tiền
1. Quyết định phạt tiền có thể được hoãn thi hành trong trường hợp cá nhân bị phạt tiền từ 3.000.000 đồng trở lên đang gặp khó khăn đặc biệt, đột xuất về kinh tế do thiên tai, thảm họa, hỏa hoạn, dịch bệnh, bệnh hiểm nghèo, tai nạn và có xác nhận của Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi người đó cư trú hoặc cơ quan, tổ chức nơi người đó học tập, làm việc.
2. Cá nhân phải có đơn đề nghị hoãn chấp hành quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính gửi cơ quan của người đã ra quyết định xử phạt. Trong thời hạn 05 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được đơn, người đã ra quyết định xử phạt xem xét quyết định hoãn thi hành quyết định xử phạt đó.
Thời hạn hoãn thi hành quyết định xử phạt không quá 03 tháng, kể từ ngày có quyết định hoãn.
3. Cá nhân được hoãn chấp hành quyết định xử phạt được nhận lại giấy tờ, tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính đang bị tạm giữ theo quy định tại khoản 6 Điều 125 của Luật này.
Điều 77. Giảm, miễn tiền phạt
1. Cá nhân thuộc trường hợp quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 76 của Luật này mà không có khả năng thi hành quyết định thì có thể được xem xét giảm, miễn phần còn lại tiền phạt ghi trong quyết định xử phạt.
2. Cá nhân quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này phải có đơn đề nghị giảm, miễn phần còn lại hoặc toàn bộ tiền phạt gửi người đã ra quyết định xử phạt. Trong thời hạn 03 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được đơn, người đã ra quyết định xử phạt phải chuyển đơn kèm hồ sơ vụ việc đến cấp trên trực tiếp. Trong thời hạn 05 ngày kể từ ngày nhận được đơn, cấp trên trực tiếp phải xem xét quyết định và thông báo cho người đã ra quyết định xử phạt, người có đơn đề nghị giảm, miễn biết; nếu không đồng ý với việc giảm, miễn thì phải nêu rõ lý do.
Đối với trường hợp Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cấp tỉnh đã ra quyết định xử phạt thì Ủy ban nhân dân cấp tỉnh đó xem xét, quyết định việc giảm, miễn tiền phạt.
3. Cá nhân được giảm, miễn tiền phạt được nhận lại giấy tờ, tang vật, phương tiện đang bị tạm giữ theo quy định tại khoản 6 Điều 125 của Luật này.
Điều 78. Thủ tục nộp tiền phạt
1. Trong thời hạn 10 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được quyết định xử phạt, cá nhân, tổ chức bị xử phạt phải nộp tiền phạt tại Kho bạc Nhà nước hoặc nộp vào tài khoản của Kho bạc Nhà nước được ghi trong quyết định xử phạt, trừ trường hợp đã nộp tiền phạt quy định tại khoản 2 và khoản 3 Điều này. Nếu quá thời hạn nêu trên, thì sẽ bị cưỡng chế thi hành quyết định xử phạt và cứ mỗi ngày chậm nộp phạt thì cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm phải nộp thêm 0,05% trên tổng số tiền phạt chưa nộp.
2. Tại vùng sâu, vùng xa, biên giới, miền núi mà việc đi lại gặp khó khăn thì cá nhân, tổ chức bị xử phạt có thể nộp tiền phạt cho người có thẩm quyền xử phạt. Người có thẩm quyền xử phạt có trách nhiệm thu tiền phạt tại chỗ và nộp tại Kho bạc Nhà nước hoặc nộp vào tài khoản của Kho bạc Nhà nước trong thời hạn không quá 07 ngày, kể từ ngày thu tiền phạt.
Trường hợp xử phạt trên biển hoặc ngoài giờ hành chính, người có thẩm quyền xử phạt được thu tiền phạt trực tiếp và phải nộp tại Kho bạc Nhà nước hoặc nộp vào tài khoản của Kho bạc Nhà nước trong thời hạn 02 ngày làm việc, kể từ ngày vào đến bờ hoặc ngày thu tiền phạt.
3. Cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính bị phạt tiền phải nộp tiền phạt một lần, trừ trường hợp quy định tại Điều 79 của Luật này.
Mọi trường hợp thu tiền phạt, người thu tiền phạt có trách nhiệm giao chứng từ thu tiền phạt cho cá nhân, tổ chức nộp tiền phạt.
4. Chính phủ quy định chi tiết Điều này.
Điều 79. Nộp tiền phạt nhiều lần
1. Việc nộp tiền phạt nhiều lần được áp dụng khi có đủ các điều kiện sau đây:
a) Bị phạt tiền từ 20.000.000 đồng trở lên đối với cá nhân và từ 200.000.000 đồng trở lên đối với tổ chức;
b) Đang gặp khó khăn đặc biệt về kinh tế và có đơn đề nghị nộp tiền phạt nhiều lần. Đơn đề nghị của cá nhân phải được Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi người đó cư trú hoặc cơ quan, tổ chức nơi người đó học tập, làm việc xác nhận hoàn cảnh khó khăn đặc biệt về kinh tế; đối với đơn đề nghị của tổ chức phải được xác nhận của cơ quan thuế quản lý trực tiếp hoặc cơ quan, tổ chức cấp trên trực tiếp.
2. Thời hạn nộp tiền phạt nhiều lần không quá 06 tháng, kể từ ngày quyết định xử phạt có hiệu lực; số lần nộp tiền phạt tối đa không quá 03 lần.
Mức nộp phạt lần thứ nhất tối thiểu là 40% tổng số tiền phạt.
3. Người đã ra quyết định phạt tiền có quyền quyết định việc nộp tiền phạt nhiều lần. Quyết định về việc nộp tiền phạt nhiều lần phải bằng văn bản.
Điều 80. Thủ tục tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn
1. Trường hợp tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn được ghi trong quyết định xử phạt, người có thẩm quyền xử phạt thu giữ, bảo quản giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề và thông báo ngay cho cơ quan đã cấp giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề đó biết. Khi hết thời hạn tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề ghi trong quyết định xử phạt, người có thẩm quyền xử phạt giao lại giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề cho cá nhân, tổ chức đã bị tước giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề đó.
2. Trường hợp đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn, cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm phải đình chỉ ngay một phần hoặc toàn bộ hoạt động sản xuất, kinh doanh, dịch vụ hoặc các hoạt động khác được ghi trong quyết định xử phạt.
3. Trong thời gian bị tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn, cơ sở sản xuất, kinh doanh, dịch vụ không được tiến hành các hoạt động ghi trong quyết định xử phạt.
4. Đối với các trường hợp quy định tại khoản 1 và khoản 2 Điều này, nếu cơ sở sản xuất, kinh doanh, dịch vụ có khả năng thực tế gây hậu quả tới tính mạng, sức khỏe con người, môi trường thì người có thẩm quyền phải thông báo bằng văn bản việc tước giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề có thời hạn hoặc đình chỉ hoạt động có thời hạn cho các cơ quan có liên quan.
5. Trường hợp phát hiện giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề được cấp không đúng thẩm quyền hoặc có nội dung trái pháp luật thì người có thẩm quyền xử phạt phải tiến hành thu hồi ngay theo thẩm quyền, đồng thời phải thông báo bằng văn bản cho cơ quan đã cấp giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề đó biết; trường hợp không thuộc thẩm quyền thu hồi thì phải báo cáo với cơ quan có thẩm quyền để xử lý.
Điều 81. Thủ tục tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính
1. Khi tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính theo quy định tại Điều 26 của Luật này, người có thẩm quyền xử phạt phải lập biên bản. Trong biên bản phải ghi rõ tên, số lượng, chủng loại, số đăng ký (nếu có), tình trạng, chất lượng của vật, tiền, hàng hoá, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu và phải có chữ ký của người tiến hành tịch thu, người bị xử phạt hoặc đại diện tổ chức bị xử phạt và người chứng kiến; trường hợp người bị xử phạt hoặc đại diện tổ chức bị xử phạt vắng mặt thì phải có hai người chứng kiến. Đối với tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính cần được niêm phong thì phải niêm phong ngay trước mặt người bị xử phạt, đại diện tổ chức bị xử phạt hoặc người chứng kiến. Việc niêm phong phải được ghi nhận vào biên bản.
Đối với tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính đang bị tạm giữ, người có thẩm quyền xử phạt thấy tình trạng tang vật, phương tiện có thay đổi so với thời điểm ra quyết định tạm giữ thì phải lập biên bản về những thay đổi này; biên bản phải có chữ ký của người lập biên bản, người có trách nhiệm tạm giữ và người chứng kiến.
2. Tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu phải được quản lý và bảo quản theo quy định của Chính phủ.
Điều 82. Xử lý tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu
1. Tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu được xử lý như sau:
a) Đối với tang vật vi phạm hành chính là tiền Việt Nam, ngoại tệ, chứng chỉ có giá, vàng, bạc, đá quý, kim loại quý thì phải nộp vào ngân sách nhà nước;
b) Đối với giấy tờ, tài liệu, chứng từ liên quan tới tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính thì chuyển cho cơ quan được giao quản lý, sử dụng tài sản theo quy định tại điểm d khoản này;
c) Đối với tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính là ma túy, vũ khí, vật liệu nổ, công cụ hỗ trợ, vật có giá trị lịch sử, giá trị văn hoá, bảo vật quốc gia, cổ vật, hàng lâm sản quý hiếm, vật thuộc loại cấm lưu hành và tài sản khác thì chuyển giao cho cơ quan quản lý nhà nước chuyên ngành để quản lý, xử lý theo quy định của pháp luật;
d) Đối với tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính đã được cấp có thẩm quyền ra quyết định chuyển giao cho cơ quan nhà nước quản lý, sử dụng thì cơ quan đã ra quyết định tịch thu chủ trì, phối hợp với cơ quan tài chính tổ chức chuyển giao cho cơ quan nhà nước quản lý, sử dụng;
đ) Đối với tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu không thuộc trường hợp quy định tại các điểm a, b, c và d khoản này thì tiến hành thuê tổ chức bán đấu giá chuyên nghiệp trên địa bàn tỉnh, thành phố trực thuộc trung ương nơi xảy ra hành vi vi phạm để thực hiện việc bán đấu giá; trường hợp không thuê được tổ chức bán đấu giá thì thành lập hội đồng để bán đấu giá.
Việc bán đấu giá tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu được thực hiện theo quy định của pháp luật về bán đấu giá;
e) Đối với tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu nhưng không còn giá trị sử dụng hoặc không bán đấu giá được thì cơ quan của người có thẩm quyền ra quyết định tịch thu phải lập hội đồng xử lý gồm đại diện các cơ quan nhà nước hữu quan. Việc xử lý tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu phải được lập thành biên bản có chữ ký của các thành viên hội đồng xử lý. Phương thức, trình tự, thủ tục xử lý tài sản thực hiện theo quy định của pháp luật về quản lý, sử dụng tài sản nhà nước.
2. Thủ tục xử lý đối với tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này được thực hiện như sau:
a) Đối với các trường hợp quy định tại các điểm a, b, c và d khoản 1 Điều này thì cơ quan quyết định tịch thu lập biên bản nộp, chuyển giao tang vật, phương tiện. Việc bàn giao và tiếp nhận các tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính theo quy định tại các điểm a, b, c và d khoản 1 Điều này phải được tiến hành theo quy định của pháp luật về quản lý, sử dụng tài sản nhà nước;
b) Đối với trường hợp quy định tại điểm đ khoản 1 Điều này, giá khởi điểm của tài sản bán đấu giá khi làm thủ tục chuyển giao được xác định theo Điều 60 của Luật này. Trường hợp giá trị của tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính đã được xác định có sự thay đổi tại thời điểm chuyển giao thì cơ quan ra quyết định tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính quyết định thành lập hội đồng để định giá tài sản trước khi làm thủ tục chuyển giao. Thành phần Hội đồng định giá theo quy định tại khoản 3 Điều 60 của Luật này.
3. Trong thời hạn 30 ngày, kể từ ngày có quyết định tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính, cơ quan có thẩm quyền phải xử lý theo quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này. Quá thời hạn này mà không thực hiện thì cơ quan có thẩm quyền phải chịu trách nhiệm trước pháp luật.
4. Chi phí lưu kho, phí bến bãi, phí bảo quản tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu, phí bán đấu giá và chi phí khác phù hợp với quy định của pháp luật được trừ vào tiền bán tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu.
Tiền thu được từ bán đấu giá tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu, sau khi trừ các chi phí theo quy định tại khoản này và phù hợp với quy định của pháp luật, phải được nộp vào ngân sách nhà nước.
Điều 83. Quản lý tiền thu từ xử phạt vi phạm hành chính, chứng từ thu, nộp tiền phạt
1. Tiền thu từ xử phạt vi phạm hành chính gồm tiền nộp phạt vi phạm hành chính; tiền nộp do chậm thi hành quyết định xử phạt tiền; tiền bán, thanh lý tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tịch thu và các khoản tiền khác.
2. Tiền thu từ xử phạt vi phạm hành chính phải nộp toàn bộ vào ngân sách nhà nước và được quản lý, sử dụng theo đúng quy định của pháp luật về ngân sách nhà nước.
Chứng từ thu, nộp tiền phạt được quản lý theo quy định của Chính phủ.
Điều 84. Thủ tục trục xuất
1. Quyết định trục xuất phải được thông báo trước khi thi hành cho Bộ Ngoại giao, cơ quan đại diện ngoại giao, cơ quan lãnh sự của nước mà người bị trục xuất là công dân hoặc nước mà người đó cư trú trước khi đến Việt Nam.
2. Cơ quan Công an có thẩm quyền có trách nhiệm tổ chức thi hành quyết định trục xuất, áp dụng biện pháp ngăn chặn và bảo đảm xử lý vi phạm hành chính quy định tại Chương I Phần thứ tư của Luật này.
Điều 85. Thi hành biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả
1. Thời hạn thi hành biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả được thực hiện theo quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính hoặc trong quyết định áp dụng biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả theo quy định tại điểm b khoản 2 Điều 28 của Luật này.
2. Cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính có trách nhiệm thực hiện biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả được ghi trong quyết định theo quy định của pháp luật và phải chịu mọi chi phí cho việc thực hiện biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả đó.
3. Người có thẩm quyền ra quyết định có trách nhiệm theo dõi, đôn đốc và kiểm tra việc thi hành biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả do cá nhân, tổ chức thực hiện.
4. Trường hợp không xác định được đối tượng vi phạm hành chính theo quy định tại khoản 2 Điều 65 của Luật này hoặc cá nhân chết, mất tích hoặc tổ chức bị giải thể, phá sản mà không có tổ chức nào tiếp nhận chuyển giao quyền và nghĩa vụ theo quy định tại Điều 75 của Luật này thì cơ quan nơi người có thẩm quyền xử phạt đang thụ lý hồ sơ vụ vi phạm hành chính phải tổ chức thực hiện các biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
Chi phí cho việc tổ chức thi hành biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả do cơ quan của người có thẩm quyền xử phạt ra quyết định thực hiện được lấy từ nguồn ngân sách dự phòng cấp cho cơ quan đó.
5. Trong trường hợp khẩn cấp, cần khắc phục ngay hậu quả để kịp thời bảo vệ môi trường, bảo đảm giao thông thì cơ quan nơi người có thẩm quyền xử phạt đang thụ lý hồ sơ vụ vi phạm hành chính tổ chức thi hành biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả. Cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính phải hoàn trả kinh phí cho cơ quan đã thực hiện biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả, nếu không hoàn trả thì bị cưỡng chế thực hiện.
Mục 3. CƯỠNG CHẾ THI HÀNH QUYẾT ĐỊNH XỬ PHẠT VI PHẠM HÀNH CHÍNH
Điều 86. Cưỡng chế thi hành quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính
1. Cưỡng chế thi hành quyết định xử phạt được áp dụng trong trường hợp cá nhân, tổ chức bị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính không tự nguyện chấp hành quyết định xử phạt theo quy định tại Điều 73 của Luật này.
2. Các biện pháp cưỡng chế bao gồm:
a) Khấu trừ một phần lương hoặc một phần thu nhập, khấu trừ tiền từ tài khoản của cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm;
b) Kê biên tài sản có giá trị tương ứng với số tiền phạt để bán đấu giá;
c) Thu tiền, tài sản khác của đối tượng bị cưỡng chế thi hành quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính do cá nhân, tổ chức khác đang giữ trong trường hợp cá nhân, tổ chức sau khi vi phạm cố tình tẩu tán tài sản.
d) Buộc thực hiện biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 28 của Luật này.
3. Chính phủ quy định cụ thể về cưỡng chế thi hành quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính.
Điều 87. Thẩm quyền quyết định cưỡng chế
1. Những người sau đây có thẩm quyền ra quyết định cưỡng chế:
a) Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân các cấp;
b) Trưởng đồn Công an, Trưởng Công an cấp huyện, Giám đốc Sở Cảnh sát phòng cháy, chữa cháy, Giám đốc Công an cấp tỉnh, Cục trưởng Cục An ninh chính trị nội bộ, Cục trưởng Cục An ninh kinh tế, Cục trưởng Cục An ninh văn hóa, tư tưởng, Cục trưởng Cục An ninh thông tin, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát quản lý hành chính về trật tự xã hội, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát điều tra tội phạm về trật tự xã hội, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát điều tra tội phạm về trật tự quản lý kinh tế và chức vụ, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát điều tra tội phạm về ma tuý, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát giao thông đường bộ, đường sắt, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát đường thủy, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát phòng cháy, chữa cháy và cứu hộ, cứu nạn, Cục trưởng Cục Quản lý xuất nhập cảnh, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát bảo vệ và hỗ trợ tư pháp, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát phòng, chống tội phạm về môi trường, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát phòng, chống tội phạm sử dụng công nghệ cao;
c) Trưởng Đồn biên phòng, Chỉ huy trưởng Bộ đội biên phòng Cửa khẩu cảng, Chỉ huy trưởng Bộ đội biên phòng cấp tỉnh, Chỉ huy trưởng Hải đoàn biên phòng trực thuộc Bộ Tư lệnh Bộ đội biên phòng; Chỉ huy trưởng Vùng Cảnh sát biển, Cục trưởng Cục Cảnh sát biển;
d) Chi cục trưởng Chi cục Hải quan, Cục trưởng Cục Hải quan tỉnh, liên tỉnh, thành phố trực thuộc trung ương, Cục trưởng Cục Kiểm tra sau thông quan, Cục trưởng Cục Điều tra chống buôn lậu thuộc Tổng cục Hải quan, Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Hải quan;
đ) Chi cục trưởng Chi cục Kiểm lâm, Cục trưởng Cục Kiểm lâm;
e) Chi cục trưởng Chi cục Thuế, Cục trưởng Cục Thuế, Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Thuế;
g) Chi Cục trưởng Chi cục Quản lý thị trường, Cục trưởng Cục Quản lý thị trường;
h) Cục trưởng Cục Quản lý lao động ngoài nước; người đứng đầu cơ quan đại diện ngoại giao, cơ quan lãnh sự, cơ quan khác được ủy quyền thực hiện chức năng lãnh sự của Việt Nam ở nước ngoài;
i) Các chức danh quy định tại các khoản 2, 3 và 4 Điều 46 của Luật này;
k) Giám đốc Cảng vụ hàng hải, Giám đốc Cảng vụ đường thuỷ nội địa, Giám đốc Cảng vụ hàng không;
l) Chánh án Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện, Chánh án Tòa án nhân dân cấp tỉnh, Chánh án Tòa án quân sự khu vực, Chánh án Tòa án quân sự quân khu và tương đương, Chánh toà chuyên trách Tòa án nhân dân tối cao; Chi cục trưởng Chi cục Thi hành án dân sự, Cục trưởng Cục Thi hành án dân sự, Trưởng phòng Phòng Thi hành án cấp quân khu, Tổng cục trưởng Tổng cục Thi hành án dân sự.
2. Người có thẩm quyền cưỡng chế quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này có thể giao quyền cho cấp phó. Việc giao quyền chỉ được thực hiện khi cấp trưởng vắng mặt và phải được thể hiện bằng văn bản, trong đó xác định rõ phạm vi, nội dung, thời hạn được giao quyền. Cấp phó được giao quyền phải chịu trách nhiệm về quyết định của mình trước cấp trưởng và trước pháp luật. Người được giao quyền không được giao quyền, ủy quyền tiếp cho bất kì cá nhân nào khác.
Điều 88. Thi hành quyết định cưỡng chế
1. Người ra quyết định cưỡng chế có trách nhiệm gửi ngay quyết định cưỡng chế cho các cá nhân, tổ chức liên quan và tổ chức thực hiện việc cưỡng chế thi hành quyết định xử phạt của mình và của cấp dưới.
2. Cá nhân, tổ chức nhận được quyết định cưỡng chế phải nghiêm chỉnh chấp hành quyết định cưỡng chế và phải chịu mọi chi phí về việc tổ chức thực hiện các biện pháp cưỡng chế.
3. Trách nhiệm của cơ quan, tổ chức trong việc phối hợp thi hành quyết định cưỡng chế:
a) Cá nhân, tổ chức liên quan có nghĩa vụ phối hợp với người có thẩm quyền ra quyết định cưỡng chế triển khai các biện pháp nhằm thực hiện các quyết định cưỡng chế;
b) Lực lượng Cảnh sát nhân dân có trách nhiệm bảo đảm trật tự, an toàn trong quá trình thi hành quyết định cưỡng chế của Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cùng cấp hoặc quyết định cưỡng chế của các cơ quan nhà nước khác khi được yêu cầu;
c) Tổ chức tín dụng nơi cá nhân, tổ chức bị cưỡng chế thi hành mở tài khoản phải giữ lại trong tài khoản của cá nhân, tổ chức đó số tiền tương đương với số tiền mà cá nhân, tổ chức phải nộp theo yêu cầu của người có thẩm quyền ra quyết định cưỡng chế. Trường hợp số dư trong tài khoản tiền gửi ít hơn số tiền mà cá nhân, tổ chức bị cưỡng chế phải nộp thì tổ chức tín dụng vẫn phải giữ lại và trích chuyển số tiền đó. Trong thời hạn 05 ngày làm việc trước khi trích chuyển, tổ chức tín dụng có trách nhiệm thông báo cho cá nhân, tổ chức bị cưỡng chế biết việc trích chuyển; việc trích chuyển không cần sự đồng ý của họ.
Phần thứ ba
ÁP DỤNG CÁC BIỆN PHÁP XỬ LÝ HÀNH CHÍNH Chương I
CÁC BIỆN PHÁP XỬ LÝ HÀNH CHÍNH Điều 89. Biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn
1. Giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn là biện pháp xử lý hành chính áp dụng đối với các đối tượng quy định tại Điều 90 của Luật này để giáo dục, quản lý họ tại nơi cư trú trong trường hợp nhận thấy không cần thiết phải cách ly họ khỏi cộng đồng.
2. Thời hạn áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn từ 03 tháng đến 06 tháng.
Điều 90. Đối tượng áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn
1. Người từ đủ 12 tuổi đến dưới 14 tuổi thực hiện hành vi có dấu hiệu của một tội phạm rất nghiêm trọng do cố ý quy định tại Bộ luật hình sự.
2. Người từ đủ 14 tuổi đến dưới 16 tuổi thực hiện hành vi có dấu hiệu của một tội phạm nghiêm trọng do cố ý quy định tại Bộ luật hình sự.
3. Người từ đủ 14 tuổi đến dưới 18 tuổi 02 lần trở lên trong 06 tháng có hành vi trộm cắp, lừa đảo, đánh bạc, gây rối trật tự công cộng mà chưa đến mức truy cứu trách nhiệm hình sự.
4. Người nghiện ma túy từ đủ 18 tuổi trở lên có nơi cư trú ổn định.
5. Người từ đủ 18 tuổi trở lên thực hiện hành vi xâm phạm tài sản của cơ quan, tổ chức; tài sản, sức khoẻ, danh dự, nhân phẩm của công dân hoặc người nước ngoài; vi phạm trật tự, an toàn xã hội 02 lần trở lên trong 06 tháng nhưng chưa đến mức truy cứu trách nhiệm hình sự.
6. Những người quy định tại các khoản 1, 2 và 3 Điều này mà không có nơi cư trú ổn định thì được giao cho cơ sở bảo trợ xã hội hoặc cơ sở trợ giúp trẻ em để quản lý, giáo dục trong thời hạn chấp hành biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn.
Điều 91. Biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng
1. Đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng là biện pháp xử lý hành chính áp dụng đối với người có hành vi vi phạm pháp luật quy định tại Điều 92 của Luật này nhằm mục đích giúp họ học văn hóa, học nghề, lao động, sinh hoạt dưới sự quản lý, giáo dục của nhà trường.
2. Thời hạn áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng từ 06 tháng đến 24 tháng.
Điều 92. Đối tượng áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng
1. Người từ đủ 12 tuổi đến dưới 14 tuổi thực hiện hành vi có dấu hiệu của một tội phạm đặc biệt nghiêm trọng do cố ý quy định tại Bộ luật hình sự.
2. Người từ đủ 14 tuổi đến dưới 16 tuổi thực hiện hành vi có dấu hiệu của một tội phạm rất nghiêm trọng do vô ý quy định tại Bộ luật hình sự.
3. Người từ đủ 14 tuổi đến dưới 16 tuổi thực hiện hành vi có dấu hiệu của một tội phạm nghiêm trọng do cố ý quy định tại Bộ luật hình sự mà trước đó đã bị áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn.
4. Người từ đủ 14 tuổi đến dưới 18 tuổi 02 lần trở lên trong 06 tháng thực hiện hành vi trộm cắp, lừa đảo, đánh bạc, gây rối trật tự công cộng mà chưa đến mức truy cứu trách nhiệm hình sự và trước đó đã bị áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn.
5. Không áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng đối với các trường hợp sau đây:
a) Người không có năng lực trách nhiệm hành chính;
b) Người đang mang thai có chứng nhận của bệnh viện;
c) Phụ nữ hoặc người duy nhất đang nuôi con nhỏ dưới 36 tháng tuổi được Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi người đó cư trú xác nhận.
Điều 93. Biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc
1. Đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc là biện pháp xử lý hành chính áp dụng đối với người có hành vi vi phạm pháp luật quy định tại Điều 94 của Luật này để lao động, học văn hoá, học nghề, sinh hoạt dưới sự quản lý của cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc.
2. Thời hạn áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc từ 06 tháng đến 24 tháng.
Điều 94. Đối tượng áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc
1. Đối tượng bị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc là người thực hiện hành vi xâm phạm tài sản của tổ chức trong nước hoặc nước ngoài; tài sản, sức khoẻ, danh dự, nhân phẩm của công dân, của người nước ngoài; vi phạm trật tự, an toàn xã hội 02 lần trở lên trong 06 tháng nhưng chưa đến mức truy cứu trách nhiệm hình sự, đã bị áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn hoặc chưa bị áp dụng biện pháp này nhưng không có nơi cư trú ổn định.
2. Không áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc đối với các trường hợp sau đây:
a) Người không có năng lực trách nhiệm hành chính;
b) Người chưa đủ 18 tuổi;
c) Nữ trên 55 tuổi, nam trên 60 tuổi;
d) Người đang mang thai có chứng nhận của bệnh viện;
đ) Phụ nữ hoặc người duy nhất đang nuôi con nhỏ dưới 36 tháng tuổi được Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi người đó cư trú xác nhận.
Điều 95. Biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc
1. Đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc là biện pháp xử lý hành chính áp dụng đối với người có hành vi vi phạm quy định tại Điều 96 của Luật này để chữa bệnh, lao động, học văn hóa, học nghề dưới sự quản lý của cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc.
2. Thời hạn áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc từ 12 tháng đến 24 tháng.
Điều 96. Đối tượng áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc
1. Đối tượng áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc là người nghiện ma túy từ đủ 18 tuổi trở lên đã bị áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn mà vẫn còn nghiện hoặc chưa bị áp dụng biện pháp này nhưng không có nơi cư trú ổn định.
2. Không áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc đối với các trường hợp sau đây:
a) Người không có năng lực trách nhiệm hành chính;
b) Người đang mang thai có chứng nhận của bệnh viện;
c) Phụ nữ hoặc người duy nhất đang nuôi con nhỏ dưới 36 tháng tuổi được Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi người đó cư trú xác nhận.
Chương II
THỦ TỤC LẬP HỒ SƠ ĐỀ NGHỊ ÁP DỤNG CÁC BIỆN PHÁP XỬ LÝ HÀNH CHÍNH Điều 97. Lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn
1. Trưởng Công an cấp xã nơi người vi phạm thuộc đối tượng quy định tại Điều 90 của Luật này cư trú hoặc nơi họ có hành vi vi phạm pháp luật tự mình hoặc theo đề nghị của Chủ tịch Uỷ ban Mặt trận Tổ quốc cấp xã hoặc đại diện cơ quan, tổ chức, đơn vị dân cư ở cơ sở lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn.
2. Trong trường hợp người vi phạm do cơ quan Công an cấp huyện hoặc Công an cấp tỉnh trực tiếp phát hiện, điều tra, thụ lý trong các vụ vi phạm pháp luật, nhưng chưa đến mức truy cứu trách nhiệm hình sự mà thuộc đối tượng quy định tại Điều 90 của Luật này thì cơ quan Công an đang thụ lý vụ việc tiến hành xác minh, thu thập tài liệu và lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn đối với người đó.
3. Hồ sơ đề nghị gồm có bản tóm tắt lý lịch, tài liệu về các hành vi vi phạm pháp luật của người đó, bệnh án (nếu có), bản tường trình của người vi phạm và các tài liệu khác có liên quan.
Đối với người chưa thành niên bị xem xét áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn thì hồ sơ phải có nhận xét của nhà trường, cơ quan, tổ chức nơi người chưa thành niên đang học tập, làm việc (nếu có), ý kiến của cha mẹ hoặc người giám hộ.
4. Sau khi hoàn thành việc lập hồ sơ đề nghị quy định tại các khoản 1, 2 và 3 Điều này, cơ quan đã lập hồ sơ phải gửi cho Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã, đồng thời thông báo cho người bị áp dụng. Đối với người chưa thành niên thì còn được thông báo cho cha mẹ hoặc người giám hộ về việc lập hồ sơ. Những người này có quyền đọc hồ sơ và ghi chép các nội dung cần thiết trong thời hạn 05 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được thông báo.
Điều 98. Quyết định áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn
1. Trong thời hạn 15 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn, Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã giao công chức tư pháp - hộ tịch kiểm tra hồ sơ và tổ chức cuộc họp tư vấn.
Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã chủ trì cuộc họp tư vấn với sự tham gia của Trưởng Công an cấp xã, công chức tư pháp - hộ tịch, đại diện Ủy ban Mặt trận Tổ quốc Việt Nam và một số tổ chức xã hội cùng cấp có liên quan, đại diện dân cư ở cơ sở. Người bị đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn và cha mẹ hoặc người đại diện hợp pháp của họ phải được mời tham gia cuộc họp và phát biểu ý kiến của mình về việc áp dụng biện pháp.
2. Trong thời hạn 03 ngày, kể từ ngày kết thúc cuộc họp tư vấn quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này, Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp xã xem xét, quyết định áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn. Tuỳ từng đối tượng mà Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp xã quyết định giao người được giáo dục cho
cơ quan, tổ chức, gia đình quản lý, giáo dục; nếu đối tượng không có nơi cư trú ổn định thì giao cho cơ sở bảo trợ xã hội, cơ sở trợ giúp trẻ em để quản lý, giáo dục.
3. Quyết định áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn phải ghi rõ ngày, tháng, năm ra quyết định; họ, tên, chức vụ của người ra quyết định; họ, tên, ngày, tháng, năm sinh, nơi cư trú của người được giáo dục; hành vi vi phạm pháp luật của người đó; điều, khoản của văn bản pháp luật được áp dụng; thời hạn áp dụng; ngày thi hành quyết định; trách nhiệm của cơ quan, tổ chức, gia đình được giao giáo dục, quản lý người được giáo dục; quyền khiếu nại, khởi kiện theo quy định của pháp luật.
4. Quyết định áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn có hiệu lực kể từ ngày ký và phải được gửi ngay cho người được giáo dục, gia đình người đó, Hội đồng nhân dân cấp xã và các cơ quan, tổ chức có liên quan.
5. Hồ sơ về việc áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn phải được đánh bút lục và được lưu trữ theo quy định của pháp luật về lưu trữ.
Điều 99. Lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng
1. Việc lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng đối với đối tượng quy định tại Điều 92 của Luật này được thực hiện như sau:
a) Đối với người chưa thành niên vi phạm có nơi cư trú ổn định thì Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi người đó cư trú lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng.
Hồ sơ đề nghị gồm có bản tóm tắt lý lịch; tài liệu về các hành vi vi phạm pháp luật của người vi phạm; biện pháp giáo dục đã áp dụng; bản tường trình của người vi phạm, ý kiến của cha mẹ hoặc người đại diện hợp pháp của họ, ý kiến của nhà trường, cơ quan, tổ chức nơi người chưa thành niên đang học tập hoặc làm việc (nếu có) và các tài liệu khác có liên quan;
b) Đối với người chưa thành niên vi phạm không có nơi cư trú ổn định thì Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi người đó có hành vi vi phạm pháp luật lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng.
Hồ sơ đề nghị gồm có biên bản vi phạm; bản tóm tắt lý lịch; tài liệu về các hành vi vi phạm pháp luật của người đó; bản trích lục tiền án, tiền sự; biện pháp giáo dục đã áp dụng (nếu có); bản tường trình của người vi phạm, ý kiến của cha mẹ hoặc người đại diện hợp pháp của họ;
c) Cơ quan Công an cấp xã có trách nhiệm giúp Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cùng cấp thu thập các tài liệu và lập hồ sơ đề nghị quy định tại điểm a và điểm b khoản 1 Điều này.
2. Trong trường hợp người chưa thành niên vi phạm do cơ quan Công an cấp huyện hoặc Công an cấp tỉnh trực tiếp phát hiện, điều tra, thụ lý trong các vụ vi phạm pháp luật, nhưng chưa đến mức truy cứu trách nhiệm hình sự mà thuộc đối tượng đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng theo quy định tại Điều 92 của Luật này thì cơ quan Công an đang thụ lý vụ việc tiến hành xác minh, thu thập tài liệu và lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng đối với người đó.
Hồ sơ đề nghị gồm có bản tóm tắt lý lịch; tài liệu về các hành vi vi phạm pháp luật của người đó; biện pháp giáo dục đã áp dụng; bản tường trình của người vi phạm, ý kiến của cha mẹ hoặc của người đại diện hợp pháp của họ.
3. Sau khi hoàn thành việc lập hồ sơ đề nghị quy định tại khoản 1 và khoản 2 Điều này, cơ quan đã lập hồ sơ phải thông báo cho người bị đề nghị áp dụng, cha mẹ hoặc người đại diện của họ về việc lập hồ sơ. Những người này có quyền đọc hồ sơ và ghi chép các nội dung cần thiết trong thời hạn 05 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được thông báo. Sau khi người bị áp dụng, cha mẹ hoặc người đại diện của họ đọc xong hồ sơ thì hồ sơ được gửi cho Trưởng phòng Tư pháp cấp huyện.
Trong thời hạn 05 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được hồ sơ, Trưởng phòng Tư pháp cấp huyện có trách nhiệm kiểm tra tính pháp lý của hồ sơ và gửi Trưởng công an cùng cấp.
Điều 100. Xem xét, quyết định việc chuyển hồ sơ đề nghị Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng
1. Trong thời hạn 07 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được hồ sơ quy định tại Điều 99 của Luật này, Trưởng Công an cấp huyện xem xét, quyết định việc chuyển hồ sơ đề nghị Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng; trường hợp hồ sơ chưa đầy đủ thì chuyển lại cơ quan đã lập hồ sơ để tiếp tục thu thập tài liệu bổ sung hồ sơ.
2. Hồ sơ đề nghị Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện xem xét, quyết định áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng bao gồm:
a) Hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng quy định tại Điều 99 của Luật này;
b) Văn bản của Trưởng công an cấp huyện về việc đề nghị xem xét áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng.
3. Hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng phải được đánh bút lục và được lưu trữ theo quy định của pháp luật về lưu trữ.
Điều 101. Lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc
1. Việc lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc đối với đối tượng quy định tại Điều 94 của Luật này được thực hiện như sau:
a) Đối với người vi phạm có nơi cư trú ổn định thì Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi người đó cư trú lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc.
Hồ sơ đề nghị gồm có bản tóm tắt lý lịch; tài liệu về các hành vi vi phạm pháp luật của người đó; biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn đã áp dụng; bản tường trình của người vi phạm hoặc của người đại diện hợp pháp của họ và các tài liệu khác có liên quan;
b) Đối với người không cư trú tại nơi có hành vi vi phạm pháp luật thì Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã phải xác minh; trường hợp xác định được nơi cư trú thì có trách nhiệm chuyển người đó kèm theo biên bản vi phạm về địa phương để xử lý; trường hợp không xác định được nơi cư trú của người đó thì lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc.
Hồ sơ đề nghị gồm có biên bản vi phạm; bản tóm tắt lý lịch; tài liệu về các hành vi vi phạm pháp luật của người đó; bản trích lục tiền án, tiền sự; biện pháp giáo dục đã áp dụng (nếu có); bản tường trình của người vi phạm hoặc của người đại diện hợp pháp của họ;
c) Công an cấp xã có trách nhiệm giúp Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cùng cấp thu thập các tài liệu và lập hồ sơ đề nghị quy định tại điểm a và điểm b khoản 1 Điều này.
2. Trường hợp người vi phạm do cơ quan Công an cấp huyện hoặc Công an cấp tỉnh trực tiếp phát hiện, điều tra, thụ lý trong các vụ vi phạm pháp luật, nhưng chưa đến mức truy cứu trách nhiệm hình sự mà thuộc đối tượng đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc theo quy định tại Điều 94 của Luật này thì cơ quan Công an đang thụ lý vụ việc tiến hành xác minh, thu thập tài liệu và lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc đối với người đó.
Hồ sơ đề nghị gồm có bản tóm tắt lý lịch; tài liệu về các hành vi vi phạm pháp luật của người đó; biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn đã áp dụng; bản tường trình của người vi phạm hoặc của người đại diện hợp pháp của họ.
3. Sau khi hoàn thành việc lập hồ sơ đề nghị quy định tại khoản 1 và khoản 2 Điều này, cơ quan đã lập hồ sơ phải thông báo cho người bị đề nghị áp dụng hoặc người đại diện của họ về việc lập hồ sơ. Những người này được quyền đọc hồ sơ và ghi chép các nội dung cần thiết trong thời hạn 05 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được thông báo. Sau khi người bị áp dụng hoặc người đại diện của họ đọc xong hồ sơ thì hồ sơ được gửi cho Trưởng phòng Tư pháp cấp huyện.
Trong thời hạn 05 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được hồ sơ, Trưởng phòng Tư pháp cấp huyện có trách nhiệm kiểm tra tính pháp lý của hồ sơ và chuyển Trưởng Công an cùng cấp.
Điều 102. Xem xét, quyết định việc chuyển hồ sơ đề nghị Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc
1. Trong thời hạn 07 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được hồ sơ quy định tại Điều 101 và Điều 118 của Luật này, Trưởng Công an cấp huyện quyết định việc chuyển hồ sơ đề nghị Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc; trường hợp hồ sơ chưa đầy đủ thì chuyển lại cơ quan đã lập hồ sơ tiếp tục thu thập tài liệu bổ sung hồ sơ.
2. Hồ sơ đề nghị Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện xem xét, quyết định áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc bao gồm:
a) Hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc quy định tại Điều 101 và Điều 118 của Luật này;
b) Văn bản của Trưởng Công an cấp huyện về việc đề nghị xem xét áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc.
3. Hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc phải được đánh bút lục và được lưu trữ theo quy định của pháp luật về lưu trữ.
Điều 103. Lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc
1. Việc lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc đối với người nghiện ma túy quy định tại Điều 96 của Luật này được thực hiện như sau:
a) Đối với người nghiện ma túy có nơi cư trú ổn định thì Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi người đó cư trú lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc.
Hồ sơ đề nghị gồm có bản tóm tắt lý lịch; tài liệu chứng minh tình trạng nghiện ma túy hiện tại của người đó; tài liệu chứng minh người đó đã bị áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn về hành vi nghiện ma túy; bản tường trình của người vi phạm hoặc của người đại diện hợp pháp của họ và các tài liệu khác có liên quan;
b) Đối với người nghiện ma túy không cư trú tại nơi người đó có hành vi vi phạm pháp luật thì Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã phải xác minh; trường hợp xác định được nơi cư trú thì có trách nhiệm chuyển người đó kèm theo biên bản vi phạm về địa phương để xử lý; trường hợp không xác định được nơi cư trú của người đó thì lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc.
Hồ sơ đề nghị gồm có biên bản vi phạm; bản tóm tắt lý lịch; tài liệu chứng minh tình trạng nghiện ma túy hiện tại của người đó; tài liệu chứng minh người đó đã bị áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn về hành vi nghiện ma túy; bản tường trình của người nghiện ma túy;
c) Công an cấp xã có trách nhiệm giúp Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cùng cấp thu thập các tài liệu và lập hồ sơ đề nghị quy định tại khoản 1 và khoản 2 Điều này.
2. Trường hợp người nghiện ma túy vi phạm do cơ quan Công an cấp huyện hoặc cơ quan Công an cấp tỉnh trực tiếp phát hiện, điều tra, thụ lý trong các vụ vi phạm pháp luật mà thuộc đối tượng đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc theo quy định tại Điều 96 của Luật này thì cơ quan Công an đang thụ lý vụ việc tiến hành xác minh, thu thập tài liệu và lập hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc đối với người đó.
Hồ sơ đề nghị gồm có bản tóm tắt lý lịch; tài liệu chứng minh tình trạng nghiện ma túy hiện tại của người đó; tài liệu chứng minh người đó đã bị áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn về hành vi nghiện ma túy; bản tường trình của người vi phạm hoặc của người đại diện hợp pháp của họ.
3. Sau khi hoàn thành việc lập hồ sơ đề nghị quy định tại khoản 1 và khoản 2 Điều này, cơ quan đã lập hồ sơ phải thông báo cho người bị đề nghị áp dụng hoặc người đại diện của họ về việc lập hồ sơ. Những người này có quyền đọc hồ sơ và ghi chép các nội dung cần thiết trong thời hạn 05 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được thông báo. Sau khi người bị áp dụng hoặc người đại diện hợp pháp của họ đọc xong hồ sơ thì hồ sơ được gửi cho Trưởng phòng Tư pháp cấp huyện.
Trong thời hạn 05 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được hồ sơ, Trưởng phòng Tư pháp cấp huyện có trách nhiệm kiểm tra tính pháp lý của hồ sơ gửi Trưởng phòng Lao động - Thương binh và Xã hội cùng cấp.
Điều 104. Xem xét, quyết định việc chuyển hồ sơ đề nghị Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc
1. Trong thời hạn 07 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được hồ sơ quy định tại Điều 103 của Luật này, Trưởng phòng Lao động - Thương binh và Xã hội cấp huyện quyết định việc chuyển hồ sơ đề nghị Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc; trường hợp hồ sơ chưa đầy đủ thì giao cơ quan đã lập hồ sơ để tiếp tục thu thập tài liệu bổ sung hồ sơ.
2. Hồ sơ đề nghị Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện xem xét, quyết định áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc bao gồm:
a) Hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc quy định tại Điều 103 của Luật này;
b) Văn bản của Trưởng phòng Lao động - Thương binh và Xã hội cấp huyện về việc đề nghị xem xét áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc.
3. Hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc phải được đánh bút lục và được lưu trữ theo quy định của pháp luật về lưu trữ.
Chương III
THẨM QUYỀN, THỦ TỤC XEM XÉT, QUYẾT ĐỊNH ÁP DỤNG BIỆN PHÁP XỬ LÝ HÀNH CHÍNH
Điều 105. Thẩm quyền quyết định áp dụng các biện pháp xử lý hành chính
1. Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã có thẩm quyền quyết định áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn.
2. Toà án nhân dân cấp huyện có thẩm quyền quyết định áp dụng các biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc.
Điều 106. Trình tự, thủ tục xem xét, quyết định áp dụng các biện pháp xử lý hành chính
Ủy ban thường vụ Quốc hội quy định trình tự, thủ tục Tòa án nhân dân xem xét, quyết định việc áp dụng các biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc.
Chương IV
THI HÀNH QUYẾT ĐỊNH ÁP DỤNG BIỆN PHÁP XỬ LÝ HÀNH CHÍNH Điều 107. Gửi quyết định áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc và đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc để thi hành
Trong thời hạn 03 ngày, kể từ ngày quyết định áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính có hiệu lực, Tòa án nhân dân đã ra quyết định phải gửi cho người bị áp dụng, Trưởng Công an cấp huyện và Trưởng phòng Lao động - Thương binh và Xã hội cấp huyện nơi đã gửi hồ sơ đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính, Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi người đó cư trú và các cơ quan hữu quan để thi hành theo quy định của pháp luật; quyết định áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng còn được gửi cho cha mẹ hoặc người đại diện hợp pháp của họ.
Điều 108. Thời hiệu thi hành quyết định áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính
1. Quyết định áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn và quyết định áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng hết thời hiệu thi hành sau 06 tháng, kể từ ngày quyết định có hiệu lực pháp luật.
2. Quyết định áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc và quyết định áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc hết thời hiệu thi hành sau 01 năm, kể từ ngày quyết định có hiệu lực pháp luật.
3. Trong trường hợp người phải chấp hành quyết định cố tình trốn tránh việc thi hành, thì thời hiệu quy định tại khoản 1 và khoản 2 Điều này được tính kể từ thời điểm hành vi trốn tránh chấm dứt.
Điều 109. Thi hành quyết định áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn
1. Sau khi nhận được quyết định áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn, cơ quan, tổ chức được giao giáo dục, quản lý có trách nhiệm:
a) Tổ chức việc thực hiện biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn đối với người được giáo dục;
b) Phân công người trực tiếp giúp đỡ người được giáo dục;
c) Ghi sổ theo dõi và định kỳ báo cáo Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã về việc thực hiện quyết định giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn;
d) Giúp đỡ, động viên người được giáo dục, đề xuất với Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp xã tạo điều kiện cho họ tìm kiếm việc làm.
2. Người được phân công giúp đỡ phải có kế hoạch quản lý, giáo dục, giúp đỡ người được giáo dục và được hưởng khoản kinh phí hỗ trợ cho việc quản lý, giáo dục, giúp đỡ theo quy định của pháp luật.
3. Người được giáo dục phải cam kết bằng văn bản về việc chấp hành quyết định giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn.
4. Gia đình có người được giáo dục có trách nhiệm phối hợp chặt chẽ với người được phân công giúp đỡ trong việc quản lý, giáo dục người được giáo dục.
Điều 110. Thi hành quyết định đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, quyết định đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, quyết định đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc
1. Trong thời hạn 05 ngày, kể từ ngày nhận được quyết định đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, quyết định đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc hoặc quyết định đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc, cơ quan đã gửi hồ sơ đề nghị có trách nhiệm tổ chức thi hành như sau:
a) Công an cấp huyện đưa người phải chấp hành quyết định vào trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc;
b) Phòng Lao động – Thương binh và Xã hội phối hợp với Công an cấp huyện đưa người phải chấp hành quyết định vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc.
2. Thời hạn chấp hành quyết định được tính từ ngày người phải chấp hành quyết định bị tạm giữ để đưa đi trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc.
3. Chính phủ quy định chi tiết việc thi hành quyết định đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, quyết định đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, quyết định đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc.
Điều 111. Hoãn hoặc miễn chấp hành quyết định đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc
1. Người phải chấp hành quyết định nhưng chưa đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc được hoãn chấp hành quyết định trong các trường hợp sau đây:
a) Đang ốm nặng có chứng nhận của bệnh viện;
b) Gia đình đang có khó khăn đặc biệt được Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi người đó cư trú xác nhận.
Khi điều kiện hoãn chấp hành quyết định không còn thì quyết định được tiếp tục thi hành.
2. Người phải chấp hành quyết định nhưng chưa đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc được miễn chấp hành quyết định trong các trường hợp sau đây:
a) Mắc bệnh hiểm nghèo có chứng nhận của bệnh viện;
b) Trong thời gian hoãn chấp hành quyết định quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này mà người đó có tiến bộ rõ rệt trong việc chấp hành pháp luật hoặc lập công hoặc không còn nghiện ma túy;
c) Đang mang thai có chứng nhận của bệnh viện.
3. Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện nơi đã ra quyết định áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc xem xét, quyết định việc hoãn hoặc miễn chấp hành trên cơ sở đơn đề nghị của người phải chấp hành quyết định hoặc người đại diện hợp pháp của họ; trong trường hợp cần thiết thì đề nghị cơ quan đã gửi hồ sơ đề nghị có ý kiến trước khi quyết định.
Quyết định miễn hoặc hoãn chấp hành phải được gửi cho cơ quan thi hành quyết định, người phải chấp hành quyết định; trường hợp người chưa thành niên được hoãn, miễn chấp hành quyết định đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng thì quyết định được gửi cho cha mẹ hoặc người đại diện hợp pháp của họ.
Điều 112. Giảm thời hạn, tạm đình chỉ hoặc miễn chấp hành phần thời gian còn lại tại trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc
1. Người đang chấp hành quyết định tại trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc đã chấp hành một nửa thời hạn, nếu có tiến bộ rõ rệt hoặc lập công, thì được xét giảm một phần hoặc miễn chấp hành phần thời gian còn lại.
2. Trong trường hợp người đang chấp hành quyết định tại trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc bị ốm nặng mà được đưa về gia đình điều trị thì được tạm đình chỉ chấp hành quyết định; thời gian điều trị được tính vào thời hạn chấp hành quyết định; nếu sau khi sức khoẻ được phục hồi mà thời hạn chấp hành còn lại từ 03 tháng trở lên thì người đó phải tiếp tục chấp hành; nếu trong thời gian tạm đình chỉ mà người đó có tiến bộ rõ rệt hoặc lập công thì được miễn chấp hành phần thời gian còn lại. Đối với người mắc bệnh hiểm nghèo, phụ nữ mang thai thì được miễn chấp hành phần thời gian còn lại.
3. Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện nơi có trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc quyết định việc giảm thời hạn tạm đình chỉ hoặc miễn chấp hành quy định tại khoản 1 và khoản 2 Điều này trên cơ sở đề nghị của Hiệu trưởng trường giáo dưỡng, Giám đốc cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, Giám đốc cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc.
Quyết định tạm đình chỉ hoặc miễn chấp hành quyết định áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc được gửi cho Tòa án nhân dân nơi ra quyết định, cơ quan đã gửi hồ sơ đề nghị, Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi người đó cư trú, trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc, người được tạm đình chỉ hoặc miễn và gia đình người đó.
4. Đối tượng ốm nặng, mắc bệnh hiểm nghèo mà không xác định được nơi cư trú thuộc trường hợp được tạm đình chỉ chấp hành quyết định hoặc được miễn chấp hành phần thời gian còn lại quy định tại khoản 2 Điều này thì được đưa về cơ sở y tế tại địa phương nơi trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc đóng trụ sở để điều trị.
Điều 113. Quản lý người được hoãn hoặc được tạm đình chỉ chấp hành quyết định áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc
1. Người được hoãn hoặc được tạm đình chỉ chấp hành quyết định đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc có trách nhiệm trình diện với Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi họ cư trú.
2. Trong thời gian được hoãn hoặc được tạm đình chỉ chấp hành quyết định đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc mà người đó tiếp tục có hành vi vi phạm đã bị xử lý hoặc có căn cứ cho rằng người đó bỏ trốn thì Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện đã ra quyết định hoãn hoặc tạm đình chỉ hủy bỏ quyết định đó và ra quyết định buộc chấp hành quyết định đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, quyết định đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc.
Trong thời gian được hoãn hoặc được tạm đình chỉ chấp hành quyết định đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc mà người đó tiếp tục sử dụng ma túy hoặc có căn cứ cho rằng người đó bỏ trốn thì Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện đã ra quyết định hoãn hoặc tạm đình chỉ hủy bỏ quyết định đó và ra quyết định buộc chấp hành quyết định đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc.
3. Quyết định buộc chấp hành quyết định đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc được gửi cho cơ quan Công an cùng cấp nơi Tòa án đã ra quyết định. Ngay sau khi nhận được quyết định, cơ quan Công an phải tổ chức áp giải đối tượng.
Điều 114. Hết thời hạn chấp hành quyết định áp dụng các biện pháp xử lý hành chính
1. Khi người vi phạm đã chấp hành xong quyết định giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn thì Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp xã cấp giấy chứng nhận cho người đã chấp hành xong và gửi bản sao cho gia đình người đó.
2. Khi người vi phạm đã chấp hành xong quyết định đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc thì Hiệu trưởng trường giáo dưỡng, Giám đốc cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, Giám đốc cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc cấp giấy chứng nhận cho người đã chấp hành xong và gửi bản sao cho gia đình người đó, Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện nơi đã ra quyết định, cơ quan quản lý trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc, Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi người đó cư trú.
3. Đối tượng không xác định được nơi cư trú là người chưa thành niên hoặc người ốm yếu không còn khả năng lao động thì sau khi hết hạn chấp hành biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc được đưa về cơ sở bảo trợ xã hội tại địa phương nơi trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc đóng trụ sở.
Chương V
CÁC QUY ĐỊNH KHÁC LIÊN QUAN ĐẾN VIỆC ÁP DỤNG CÁC BIỆN PHÁP XỬ LÝ HÀNH CHÍNH
Điều 115. Tạm thời đưa người đang chấp hành biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc ra khỏi nơi chấp hành biện pháp xử lý hành chính theo yêu cầu của cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng hình sự
1. Theo yêu cầu của cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng hình sự có thẩm quyền, Hiệu trưởng trường giáo dưỡng, Giám đốc cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, Giám đốc cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc quyết định tạm thời đưa người đang chấp hành biện pháp xử lý hành chính ra khỏi nơi chấp hành biện pháp đó để tham gia tố tụng trong các vụ án có liên quan đến người đó.
2. Thời gian tạm thời đưa ra khỏi nơi chấp hành biện pháp xử lý hành chính được tính vào thời hạn chấp hành biện pháp đó.
Điều 116. Chuyển hồ sơ của đối tượng bị áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính có dấu hiệu tội phạm để truy cứu trách nhiệm hình sự
1. Khi xem xét hồ sơ của đối tượng để quyết định áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính, nếu xét thấy hành vi vi phạm của người đó có dấu hiệu tội phạm thì người có thẩm quyền phải chuyển ngay hồ sơ cho cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng hình sự có thẩm quyền.
2. Đối với trường hợp đã ra quyết định áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính, nếu sau đó phát hiện hành vi vi phạm của người bị áp dụng biện pháp này có dấu hiệu tội phạm mà chưa hết thời hiệu truy cứu trách nhiệm hình sự, thì Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân hoặc Tòa án nhân dân đã ra quyết định áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính phải huỷ quyết định đó và trong thời hạn 03 ngày, kể từ ngày huỷ quyết định phải chuyển hồ sơ của đối tượng cho cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng hình sự có thẩm quyền.
Trường hợp bị Toà án xử phạt tù thì thời hạn đối tượng đã chấp hành biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc được tính vào thời hạn chấp hành hình phạt tù; 1,5 ngày chấp hành biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc được tính bằng 01 ngày chấp hành hình phạt tù.
Điều 117. Truy cứu trách nhiệm hình sự đối với hành vi phạm tội được thực hiện trước hoặc trong thời gian chấp hành biện pháp xử lý hành chính
Trường hợp phát hiện người bị áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính đã thực hiện hành vi phạm tội trước hoặc trong thời gian chấp hành quyết định, thì theo yêu cầu của cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng hình sự có thẩm quyền, Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi đang thi hành biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn hoặc Hiệu trưởng trường giáo dưỡng, Giám đốc cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, Giám đốc cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc phải ra quyết định tạm đình chỉ thi hành quyết định đối với người đó và chuyển hồ sơ của đối tượng cho cơ quan tiến hành tố tụng hình sự; trường hợp bị Toà án xử phạt tù thì người đó được miễn chấp hành phần thời gian còn lại trong quyết định áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính; nếu hình phạt được áp dụng không phải là hình phạt tù thì người đó có thể phải tiếp tục chấp hành quyết định áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính.
Điều 118. Xử lý trường hợp một người vừa thuộc đối tượng đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc vừa thuộc đối tượng đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc
1. Trường hợp người thực hiện hành vi vi phạm pháp luật vừa thuộc đối tượng đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc vừa thuộc đối tượng đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc thì áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc.
2. Trường hợp người nghiện ma túy thuộc loại côn đồ hung hãn thì áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc. Cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc thực hiện việc cai nghiện cho đối tượng này.
3. Trong giai đoạn cắt cơn, phục hồi, đối tượng đang chấp hành quyết định tại cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc nếu có hành vi vi phạm các quy định tại Điều 94 của Luật này thì bị áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc.
Giám đốc cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc tiến hành lập hồ sơ đề nghị đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc đối với đối tượng có hành vi quy định tại đoạn 1 khoản này trên cơ sở hồ sơ hiện có và biên bản về hành vi vi phạm mới gửi Trưởng Công an cấp huyện nơi có cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc. Trưởng Công an cấp huyện có trách nhiệm lấy ý kiến của Trưởng phòng Tư pháp về tính pháp lý của hồ sơ trước khi xem xét, gửi hồ sơ đề nghị Toà án nhân dân nơi có cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc quyết định áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc.
Thủ tục xem xét áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc đối với các đối tượng này thực hiện theo quy định của pháp luật.
Phần thứ tư
CÁC BIỆN PHÁP NGĂN CHẶN VÀ BẢO ĐẢM XỬ LÝ VI PHẠM HÀNH CHÍNH Chương I
QUY ĐỊNH CHUNG VỀ CÁC BIỆN PHÁP NGĂN CHẶN VÀ BẢO ĐẢM XỬ LÝ VI PHẠM HÀNH CHÍNH
Điều 119. Các biện pháp ngăn chặn và bảo đảm xử lý vi phạm hành chính
Trong trường hợp cần ngăn chặn kịp thời vi phạm hành chính hoặc để bảo đảm việc xử lý vi phạm hành chính, người có thẩm quyền có thể áp dụng các biện pháp sau đây theo thủ tục hành chính:
1. Tạm giữ người;
2. Áp giải người vi phạm;
3. Tạm giữ tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính, giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề;
4. Khám người;
5. Khám phương tiện vận tải, đồ vật;
6. Khám nơi cất giấu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính;
7. Quản lý người nước ngoài vi phạm pháp luật Việt Nam trong thời gian làm thủ tục trục xuất;
8. Giao cho gia đình, tổ chức quản lý người bị đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính trong thời gian làm thủ tục áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính;
9. Truy tìm đối tượng phải chấp hành quyết định đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc trong trường hợp bỏ trốn.
Điều 120. Nguyên tắc áp dụng biện pháp ngăn chặn và bảo đảm xử lý vi phạm hành chính
1. Khi áp dụng biện pháp ngăn chặn và bảo đảm xử lý vi phạm hành chính, người có thẩm quyền phải tuân thủ nghiêm ngặt quy định tại các điều từ 120 đến 132 của Luật này, nếu vi phạm thì bị xử lý theo quy định của pháp luật.
2. Chỉ áp dụng biện pháp ngăn chặn và bảo đảm xử lý vi phạm hành chính trong trường hợp cần thiết theo quy định tại Chương II của Phần này.
3. Người ra quyết định áp dụng biện pháp ngăn chặn và bảo đảm xử lý vi phạm hành chính phải chịu trách nhiệm đối với quyết định của mình.
4. Việc sử dụng vũ khí, công cụ hỗ trợ trong việc áp dụng biện pháp ngăn chặn và bảo đảm xử lý vi phạm hành chính phải được thực hiện theo quy định của pháp luật.
Điều 121. Huỷ bỏ hoặc thay thế biện pháp ngăn chặn và bảo đảm xử lý vi phạm hành chính
1. Trường hợp việc áp dụng biện pháp ngăn chặn và bảo đảm xử lý vi phạm hành chính không còn phù hợp với mục đích và điều kiện áp dụng theo quy định của Luật này thì quyết định áp dụng biện pháp đó phải được huỷ bỏ.
2. Người có thẩm quyền quyết định áp dụng biện pháp ngăn chặn và bảo đảm xử lý vi phạm hành chính quyết định huỷ bỏ biện pháp ngăn chặn khi thấy không còn cần thiết hoặc thay thế bằng một biện pháp ngăn chặn khác.
Chương II
THẨM QUYỀN, THỦ TỤC ÁP DỤNG CÁC BIỆN PHÁP NGĂN CHẶN VÀ BẢO ĐẢM XỬ LÝ VI PHẠM HÀNH CHÍNH
Điều 122. Tạm giữ người theo thủ tục hành chính
1. Việc tạm giữ người theo thủ tục hành chính chỉ được áp dụng trong trường hợp cần ngăn chặn, đình chỉ ngay những hành vi gây rối trật tự công cộng, gây thương tích cho người khác.
2. Mọi trường hợp tạm giữ người đều phải có quyết định bằng văn bản và phải giao cho người bị tạm giữ một bản.
3. Thời hạn tạm giữ người theo thủ tục hành chính không được quá 12 giờ; trong trường hợp cần thiết, thời hạn tạm giữ có thể kéo dài hơn nhưng không được quá 24 giờ, kể từ thời điểm bắt đầu giữ người vi phạm.
Đối với người vi phạm quy chế biên giới hoặc vi phạm hành chính ở vùng rừng núi xa xôi, hẻo lánh, hải đảo thì thời hạn tạm giữ có thể kéo dài hơn nhưng không được quá 48 giờ, kể từ thời điểm bắt đầu giữ người vi phạm.
Đối với người bị tạm giữ trên tàu bay, tàu biển thì phải chuyển ngay cho cơ quan có thẩm quyền khi tàu bay đến sân bay, tàu biển cập cảng.
4. Theo yêu cầu của người bị tạm giữ, người ra quyết định tạm giữ phải thông báo cho gia đình, tổ chức nơi làm việc hoặc học tập của họ biết. Trong trường hợp tạm giữ người chưa thành niên vi phạm hành chính vào ban đêm hoặc giữ trên 06 giờ, thì người ra quyết định tạm giữ phải thông báo ngay cho cha mẹ hoặc người giám hộ của họ biết.
5. Nơi tạm giữ người theo thủ tục hành chính là nhà tạm giữ hành chính hoặc buồng tạm giữ hành chính được bố trí tại trụ sở cơ quan, đơn vị nơi làm việc của người có thẩm quyền ra quyết định tạm giữ người vi phạm hành chính. Trường hợp không có nhà tạm giữ hành chính hoặc buồng tạm giữ hành chính thì tạm giữ tại phòng trực ban hoặc phòng khác tại nơi làm việc, nhưng phải bảo đảm các quy định chung.
Cơ quan có chức năng phòng, chống vi phạm pháp luật mà thường xuyên phải tạm giữ người vi phạm hành chính cần bố trí, thiết kế, xây dựng nhà tạm giữ hành chính hoặc buồng tạm giữ hành chính riêng, trong đó cần có nơi tạm giữ riêng cho người chưa thành niên, phụ nữ hoặc người nước ngoài và phải có cán bộ chuyên trách quản lý, bảo vệ.
Đối với tàu bay, tàu biển, tàu hỏa khi đã rời sân bay, bến cảng, nhà ga thì tùy theo điều kiện và đối tượng vi phạm cụ thể, người chỉ huy tàu bay, thuyền trưởng, trưởng tàu quyết định nơi tạm giữ và phân công người thực hiện việc tạm giữ.
6. Nghiêm cấm việc giữ người vi phạm hành chính trong các phòng tạm giữ, phòng tạm giam hình sự hoặc những nơi không bảo đảm vệ sinh, an toàn cho người bị tạm giữ.
7. Chính phủ quy định việc tạm giữ người theo thủ tục hành chính.
Điều 123. Thẩm quyền tạm giữ người theo thủ tục hành chính
1. Trong trường hợp có hành vi gây rối trật tự công cộng, gây thương tích cho người khác quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 122 của Luật này, thì những người sau đây có quyền quyết định tạm giữ người theo thủ tục hành chính:
a) Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp xã, Trưởng Công an phường;
b) Trưởng Công an cấp huyện;
c) Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát quản lý hành chính về trật tự xã hội, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát trật tự, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát giao thông đường bộ, đường sắt, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát đường thủy, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát điều tra tội phạm về trật tự quản lý kinh tế và chức vụ, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát điều tra tội phạm về trật tự xã hội, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát điều tra tội phạm về ma tuý, Trưởng phòng Quản lý xuất nhập cảnh của Công an cấp tỉnh; Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát thi hành án hình sự và hỗ trợ tư pháp, Trưởng phòng Cảnh sát phòng, chống tội phạm về môi trường;
d) Thủ trưởng đơn vị cảnh sát cơ động từ cấp đại đội trở lên, Trạm trưởng Trạm công an cửa khẩu;
đ) Hạt trưởng Hạt kiểm lâm, Đội trưởng Đội kiểm lâm cơ động;
e) Chi cục trưởng Chi cục Hải quan, Đội trưởng Đội kiểm soát thuộc Cục Hải quan, Đội trưởng Đội kiểm soát chống buôn lậu và Hải đội trưởng Hải đội kiểm soát trên biển thuộc Cục điều tra chống buôn lậu Tổng cục hải quan;
g) Đội trưởng Đội quản lý thị trường;
h) Chỉ huy trưởng Tiểu khu biên phòng, Chỉ huy trưởng biên phòng Cửa khẩu cảng, Chỉ huy trưởng Hải đoàn biên phòng, Chỉ huy trưởng Hải đội biên phòng, Trưởng đồn biên phòng và Thủ trưởng đơn vị bộ đội biên phòng đóng ở biên giới, hải đảo;
i) Hải đội trưởng Hải đội Cảnh sát biển, Hải đoàn trưởng Hải đoàn Cảnh sát biển, Chỉ huy trưởng Vùng Cảnh sát biển;
k) Người chỉ huy tàu bay, thuyền trưởng, trưởng tàu khi tàu bay, tàu biển, tàu hỏa đã rời sân bay, bến cảng, nhà ga;
l) Thẩm phán chủ tọa phiên tòa.
2. Người có thẩm quyền tạm giữ người quy định tại các điểm từ a đến i khoản 1 Điều này có thể giao quyền cho cấp phó. Việc giao quyền chỉ được thực hiện khi cấp trưởng vắng mặt và phải được thể hiện bằng văn bản, trong đó xác định rõ phạm vi, nội dung, thời hạn được giao quyền. Cấp phó được
giao quyền phải chịu trách nhiệm về quyết định của mình trước cấp trưởng và trước pháp luật. Người được giao quyền không được giao quyền, ủy quyền cho bất kì cá nhân nào khác.
Điều 124. Áp giải người vi phạm
1. Người vi phạm không tự nguyện chấp hành yêu cầu của người có thẩm quyền thì bị áp giải trong các trường hợp sau đây:
a) Bị tạm giữ người theo thủ tục hành chính;
b) Đưa trở lại trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc theo quy định tại khoản 2 Điều 132 của Luật này.
2. Người có thẩm quyền đang thi hành công vụ thực hiện việc áp giải người vi phạm.
3. Chính phủ quy định chi tiết việc áp giải người vi phạm.
Điều 125. Tạm giữ tang vật, phương tiện, giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề theo thủ tục hành chính
1. Việc tạm giữ tang vật, phương tiện, giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề theo thủ tục hành chính chỉ được áp dụng trong trường hợp thật cần thiết sau đây:
a) Để xác minh tình tiết mà nếu không tạm giữ thì không có căn cứ ra quyết định xử phạt. Trường hợp tạm giữ để định giá tang vật vi phạm hành chính làm căn cứ xác định khung tiền phạt, thẩm quyền xử phạt thì áp dụng quy định của khoản 3 Điều 60 của Luật này;
b) Để ngăn chặn ngay hành vi vi phạm hành chính mà nếu không tạm giữ thì sẽ gây hậu quả nghiêm trọng cho xã hội;
c) Để bảo đảm thi hành quyết định xử phạt theo quy định tại khoản 6 Điều này.
2. Việc tạm giữ tang vật, phương tiện quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này phải được chấm dứt ngay sau khi xác minh được tình tiết làm căn cứ quyết định xử phạt, hành vi vi phạm không còn gây nguy hiểm cho xã hội hoặc quyết định xử phạt được thi hành.
Trường hợp được nộp tiền phạt nhiều lần theo quy định tại Điều 79 của Luật này, sau khi nộp tiền phạt lần đầu thì người vi phạm được nhận lại tang vật, phương tiện bị tạm giữ.
3. Người có thẩm quyền áp dụng hình thức xử phạt tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính quy định tại Chương II Phần thứ hai của Luật này thì có thẩm quyền tạm giữ tang vật, phương tiện được sử dụng để vi phạm hành chính.
4. Trong trường hợp có căn cứ để cho rằng nếu không tạm giữ ngay thì tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tẩu tán, tiêu hủy thì thủ trưởng trực tiếp của chiến sĩ cảnh sát nhân dân, cảnh sát viên cảnh sát biển, bộ đội biên phòng, kiểm lâm viên, công chức hải quan, kiểm soát viên thị trường đang thi hành công vụ phải tạm giữ ngay tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính. Trong thời hạn 24 giờ, kể từ khi lập biên bản, người lập biên bản phải báo cáo thủ trưởng của mình là người có thẩm quyền tạm giữ tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính được quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này để xem xét ra quyết định tạm giữ; đối với trường hợp tang vật là hàng hóa dễ hư hỏng thì người tạm giữ phải báo cáo ngay thủ trưởng trực tiếp để xử lý, nếu để hư hỏng hoặc thất thoát thì phải bồi thường theo quy định của pháp luật. Trong trường hợp không ra quyết định tạm giữ thì phải trả lại ngay tang vật, phương tiện đã bị tạm giữ.
5. Người ra quyết định tạm giữ tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính có trách nhiệm bảo quản tang vật, phương tiện đó. Trong trường hợp tang vật, phương tiện bị mất, bán, đánh tráo hoặc hư hỏng, mất linh kiện, thay thế thì người ra quyết định tạm giữ tang vật, phương tiện phải chịu trách nhiệm bồi thường và bị xử lý theo quy định của pháp luật.
Trong trường hợp tang vật, phương tiện bị tạm giữ phải được niêm phong thì phải tiến hành ngay trước mặt người vi phạm; nếu người vi phạm vắng mặt thì phải tiến hành niêm phong trước mặt đại diện gia đình, đại diện tổ chức, đại diện chính quyền và người chứng kiến.
Việc tạm giữ tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính phải có quyết định bằng văn bản kèm theo biên bản tạm giữ và phải giao cho người vi phạm, đại diện tổ chức vi phạm 01 bản.
6. Trong trường hợp chỉ áp dụng hình thức phạt tiền đối với cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính thì người có thẩm quyền xử phạt có quyền tạm giữ một trong các loại giấy tờ theo thứ tự: giấy phép lái xe hoặc giấy phép lưu hành phương tiện hoặc giấy tờ cần thiết khác có liên quan đến tang vật, phương tiện cho đến khi cá nhân, tổ chức đó chấp hành xong quyết định xử phạt. Nếu cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm không có giấy tờ nói trên, thì người có thẩm quyền xử phạt có thể tạm giữ tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính, trừ trường hợp quy định tại khoản 10 Điều này.
7. Cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm hành chính thuộc trường hợp bị áp dụng hình thức xử phạt tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề thì có thể bị tạm giữ giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề để bảo đảm thi hành quyết định xử phạt. Việc tạm giữ giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề trong thời gian chờ ra
quyết định không làm ảnh hưởng quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề của cá nhân, tổ chức đó.
8. Thời hạn tạm giữ tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính, giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề là 07 ngày, kể từ ngày tạm giữ. Thời hạn tạm giữ có thể được kéo dài đối với những vụ việc có nhiều tình tiết phức tạp, cần tiến hành xác minh nhưng tối đa không quá 30 ngày, kể từ ngày tạm giữ tang vật, giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề.
Đối với vụ việc thuộc trường hợp quy định tại đoạn 2 khoản 1 Điều 66 của Luật này mà cần có thêm thời gian để xác minh thì người có thẩm quyền đang giải quyết vụ việc phải báo cáo thủ trưởng trực tiếp của mình bằng văn bản để xin gia hạn việc tạm giữ; việc gia hạn phải bằng văn bản, thời hạn gia hạn không được quá 30 ngày.
Thời hạn tạm giữ tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính, giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề được tính từ thời điểm tang vật, phương tiện, giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề bị tạm giữ thực tế.
Thời hạn tạm giữ tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính, giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề không vượt quá thời hạn ra quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính quy định tại Điều 66 của Luật này, trừ trường hợp quy định tại điểm c khoản 1 Điều này.
9. Mọi trường hợp tạm giữ tang vật, phương tiện, giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề phải được lập thành biên bản. Trong biên bản phải ghi rõ tên, số lượng, chủng loại, tình trạng của tang vật, phương tiện bị tạm giữ và phải có chữ ký của người ra quyết định tạm giữ, người vi phạm; trường hợp không xác định được người vi phạm, người vi phạm vắng mặt hoặc không ký thì phải có chữ ký của 02 người làm chứng. Biên bản phải được lập thành 02 bản, người có thẩm quyền tạm giữ giữ 01 bản, người vi phạm giữ 01 bản.
10. Đối với phương tiện giao thông vi phạm hành chính thuộc trường hợp bị tạm giữ để bảo đảm thi hành quyết định xử phạt vi phạm hành chính, nếu tổ chức, cá nhân vi phạm có địa chỉ rõ ràng, có điều kiện bến bãi, bảo quản phương tiện hoặc khả năng tài chính đặt tiền bảo lãnh thì có thể được giữ phương tiện vi phạm dưới sự quản lý của cơ quan nhà nước có thẩm quyền.
Chính phủ quy định chi tiết khoản này.
Điều 126. Xử lý tang vật, phương tiện, giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề bị tạm giữ theo thủ tục hành chính
1. Người ra quyết định tạm giữ phải xử lý tang vật, phương tiện, giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề bị tạm giữ theo biện pháp ghi trong quyết định xử phạt hoặc trả lại cho cá nhân, tổ chức nếu không áp dụng hình thức phạt tịch thu đối với tang vật, phương tiện bị tạm giữ, tước quyền sử dụng giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề.
Đối với tang vật, phương tiện đang bị tạm giữ do bị chiếm đoạt, sử dụng trái phép để vi phạm hành chính thuộc trường hợp bị tịch thu thì trả lại cho chủ sở hữu, người quản lý hoặc người sử dụng hợp pháp. Trong trường hợp này, cá nhân, tổ chức vi phạm phải nộp một khoản tiền tương đương trị giá tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm vào ngân sách nhà nước.
Trường hợp chủ sở hữu, người quản lý hoặc người sử dụng hợp pháp có lỗi cố ý trong việc để người vi phạm sử dụng tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính theo quy định tại Điều 26 của Luật này thì tang vật, phương tiện đó bị tịch thu sung vào ngân sách nhà nước.
2. Đối với tang vật, phương tiện, giấy phép, chứng chỉ hành nghề bị tạm giữ để bảo đảm thi hành quyết định xử phạt theo khoản 6 Điều 125 của Luật này phải được trả ngay cho người bị xử phạt sau khi thi hành xong quyết định xử phạt.
3. Đối với tang vật vi phạm hành chính là hàng hoá, vật phẩm dễ bị hư hỏng thì người ra quyết định tạm giữ phải tổ chức bán ngay theo giá thị trường và việc bán phải được lập thành biên bản. Tiền thu được phải gửi vào tài khoản tạm gửi mở tại Kho bạc Nhà nước. Nếu sau đó theo quyết định của người có thẩm quyền, tang vật đó bị tịch thu thì tiền thu được phải nộp vào ngân sách nhà nước; trường hợp tang vật đó không bị tịch thu thì tiền thu được phải trả cho chủ sở hữu, người quản lý hoặc người sử dụng hợp pháp.
4. Đối với tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính quá thời hạn tạm giữ nếu người vi phạm không đến nhận mà không có lý do chính đáng hoặc trường hợp không xác định được người vi phạm thì người ra quyết định tạm giữ phải thông báo trên phương tiện thông tin đại chúng và niêm yết công khai tại trụ sở cơ quan của người có thẩm quyền tạm giữ; trong thời hạn 30 ngày, kể từ ngày thông báo, niêm yết công khai, nếu người vi phạm không đến nhận thì người có thẩm quyền phải ra quyết định tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính để xử lý theo quy định tại Điều 82 của Luật này.
5. Đối với tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính là hàng hóa, vật phẩm gây hại cho sức khoẻ con người, vật nuôi, cây trồng và môi trường, văn hoá phẩm độc hại thì phải tiến hành tiêu hủy theo quy định tại Điều 33 của Luật này.
6. Đối với các chất ma túy và những vật thuộc loại cấm lưu hành thì tịch thu hoặc tiêu hủy theo quy định tại Điều 33 và Điều 82 của Luật này.
7. Người có tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tạm giữ chỉ phải trả chi phí lưu kho, phí bến bãi, phí bảo quản tang vật, phương tiện và các khoản chi phí khác trong thời gian tang vật, phương tiện bị tạm giữ theo quy định tại khoản 8 Điều 125 của Luật này.
Không thu phí lưu kho, phí bến bãi và phí bảo quản trong thời gian tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính bị tạm giữ nếu chủ tang vật, phương tiện không có lỗi trong việc vi phạm hành chính hoặc áp dụng biện pháp tịch thu đối với tang vật, phương tiện.
Chính phủ quy định chi tiết về mức phí tạm giữ tang vật, phương tiện quy định tại Điều 125 của Luật này.
Điều 127. Khám người theo thủ tục hành chính
1. Việc khám người theo thủ tục hành chính chỉ được tiến hành khi có căn cứ cho rằng người đó cất giấu trong người đồ vật, tài liệu, phương tiện được sử dụng để vi phạm hành chính.
2. Những người được quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 123 của Luật này có quyền quyết định khám người theo thủ tục hành chính.
Trong trường hợp có căn cứ để cho rằng nếu không tiến hành khám ngay thì đồ vật, tài liệu, phương tiện được sử dụng để vi phạm hành chính bị tẩu tán, tiêu hủy, thì ngoài những người được quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 123 của Luật này, chiến sĩ cảnh sát nhân dân, cảnh sát viên cảnh sát biển, chiến sĩ bộ đội biên phòng, kiểm lâm viên, công chức hải quan, kiểm soát viên thị trường đang thi hành công vụ được khám người theo thủ tục hành chính và báo cáo ngay bằng văn bản cho thủ trưởng của mình là một trong những người được quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 123 của Luật này và phải chịu trách nhiệm trước pháp luật về việc khám người.
3. Việc khám người phải có quyết định bằng văn bản, trừ trường hợp cần khám ngay theo quy định tại đoạn 2 khoản 2 Điều này.
4. Trước khi tiến hành khám người, người khám phải thông báo quyết định cho người bị khám biết. Khi khám người, nam khám nam, nữ khám nữ và phải có người cùng giới chứng kiến.
5. Mọi trường hợp khám người đều phải lập biên bản. Quyết định khám người và biên bản khám người phải được giao cho người bị khám 01 bản.
Điều 128. Khám phương tiện vận tải, đồ vật theo thủ tục hành chính
1. Việc khám phương tiện vận tải, đồ vật theo thủ tục hành chính chỉ được tiến hành khi có căn cứ cho rằng trong phương tiện vận tải, đồ vật đó có cất giấu tang vật vi phạm hành chính.
2. Những người được quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 123 của Luật này có quyền khám phương tiện vận tải, đồ vật theo thủ tục hành chính.
3. Trong trường hợp có căn cứ để cho rằng nếu không tiến hành khám ngay thì tang vật vi phạm hành chính sẽ bị tẩu tán, tiêu hủy, thì ngoài những người quy định tại khoản 2 Điều này, chiến sĩ cảnh sát nhân dân, cảnh sát viên cảnh sát biển, chiến sĩ bộ đội biên phòng, kiểm lâm viên, công chức thuế, công chức hải quan, kiểm soát viên thị trường, thanh tra viên đang thi hành công vụ được khám phương tiện vận tải, đồ vật theo thủ tục hành chính và phải báo cáo ngay cho thủ trưởng trực tiếp của mình và phải chịu trách nhiệm về việc khám.
4. Việc khám phương tiện vận tải, đồ vật phải có quyết định bằng văn bản, trừ trường hợp quy định tại khoản 3 Điều này.
Khi tiến hành khám phương tiện vận tải, đồ vật phải có mặt chủ phương tiện vận tải, đồ vật hoặc người điều khiển phương tiện vận tải và 01 người chứng kiến; trong trường hợp chủ phương tiện, đồ vật hoặc người điều khiển phương tiện vắng mặt thì phải có 02 người chứng kiến.
5. Mọi trường hợp khám phương tiện vận tải, đồ vật đều phải lập biên bản. Quyết định khám và biên bản phải giao cho chủ phương tiện vận tải, đồ vật hoặc người điều khiển phương tiện vận tải 01 bản.
Điều 129. Khám nơi cất giấu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính
1. Khám nơi cất giấu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính chỉ được tiến hành khi có căn cứ cho rằng ở nơi đó có cất giấu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính.
2. Những người được quy định tại khoản 1 Điều 123 của Luật này có quyền quyết định khám nơi cất giấu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính; trong trường hợp nơi cất giấu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính là chỗ ở thì đề nghị Chủ tịch Uỷ ban nhân dân cấp huyện xem xét, quyết định.
3. Khi khám nơi cất giấu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính phải có mặt người chủ nơi bị khám hoặc người thành niên trong gia đình họ và người chứng kiến. Trong trường hợp người chủ nơi bị khám, người thành niên trong gia đình họ vắng mặt mà việc khám không thể trì hoãn thì phải có đại diện chính quyền và 02 người chứng kiến.
4. Không được khám nơi cất giấu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính vào ban đêm, trừ trường hợp khẩn cấp hoặc việc khám đang được thực hiện mà chưa kết thúc nhưng phải ghi rõ lý do vào biên bản.
5. Mọi trường hợp khám nơi cất giấu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính phải có quyết định bằng văn bản và phải lập biên bản. Quyết định và biên bản khám nơi cất giấu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính phải được giao cho người chủ nơi bị khám 01 bản.
Điều 130. Quản lý đối với người nước ngoài vi phạm pháp luật Việt Nam trong thời gian làm thủ tục trục xuất
1. Quản lý đối với người nước ngoài vi phạm pháp luật Việt Nam trong thời gian làm thủ tục trục xuất được áp dụng khi có căn cứ cho rằng nếu không áp dụng biện pháp này thì người đó sẽ trốn tránh hoặc cản trở việc thi hành quyết định xử phạt trục xuất hoặc để ngăn chặn người đó tiếp tục thực hiện hành vi vi phạm pháp luật.
2. Thủ trưởng Cơ quan quản lý xuất cảnh, nhập cảnh hoặc Giám đốc Công an cấp tỉnh nơi lập hồ sơ đề nghị trục xuất ra quyết định quản lý đối với người nước ngoài vi phạm pháp luật trong thời gian làm thủ tục trục xuất bằng các biện pháp sau:
a) Hạn chế việc đi lại của người bị quản lý;
b) Chỉ định chỗ ở của người bị quản lý;
c) Tạm giữ hộ chiếu hoặc giấy tờ tuỳ thân khác thay hộ chiếu.
3. Chính phủ quy định chi tiết Điều này.
Điều 131. Giao cho gia đình, tổ chức quản lý người bị đề nghị áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính trong thời gian làm thủ tục áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính
1. Trong thời gian làm thủ tục xem xét, quyết định việc áp dụng các biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc, thì Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi lập hồ sơ quyết định giao gia đình hoặc tổ chức xã hội quản lý người có hành vi vi phạm pháp luật thuộc đối tượng bị áp dụng các biện pháp này.
2. Đối tượng vi phạm có nơi cư trú ổn định thì giao cho gia đình quản lý; trường hợp không có nơi cư trú ổn định thì giao cho tổ chức xã hội quản lý.
3. Thời hạn quản lý được tính từ khi lập hồ sơ cho đến khi người có thẩm quyền đưa đối tượng đi áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính theo quyết định của Tòa án.
4. Quyết định giao cho gia đình hoặc tổ chức xã hội quản lý phải ghi rõ: ngày, tháng, năm quyết định; họ, tên, chức vụ của người quyết định; họ, tên, ngày, tháng, năm sinh, nơi cư trú của người được giao quản lý hoặc tên, địa chỉ của tổ chức xã hội được giao quản lý; họ, tên, ngày, tháng, năm sinh, nơi cư trú của người được quản lý; lý do, thời hạn, trách nhiệm của người được quản lý, trách nhiệm của người hoặc tổ chức quản lý và trách nhiệm của Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi đối tượng cư trú; chữ ký của người quyết định giao quản lý. Quyết định này phải được gửi ngay cho gia đình hoặc tổ chức xã hội nhận quản lý, người được quản lý để thực hiện.
5. Trong thời gian quản lý, gia đình, tổ chức xã hội được giao quản lý có trách nhiệm sau:
a) Không để người được quản lý tiếp tục vi phạm pháp luật;
b) Bảo đảm sự có mặt của người được quản lý khi có quyết định đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc;
c) Báo cáo kịp thời với Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã đã ra quyết định giao quản lý trong trường hợp người được quản lý bỏ trốn hoặc có hành vi vi phạm pháp luật.
6. Trong thời gian quản lý, người được quản lý có trách nhiệm sau:
a) Chấp hành nghiêm chỉnh quy định của pháp luật về tạm trú, tạm vắng. Khi đi ra khỏi địa bàn xã, phường, thị trấn để ở lại địa phương khác phải thông báo cho gia đình, tổ chức xã hội được giao quản lý biết về địa chỉ, thời gian tạm trú tại đó;
b) Có mặt kịp thời tại trụ sở Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã khi được Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã yêu cầu.
7. Trong thời gian quản lý, Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi quản lý đối tượng quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này có trách nhiệm sau:
a) Thông báo cho gia đình, tổ chức xã hội được giao quản lý và người được quản lý về quyền và nghĩa vụ của họ trong thời gian quản lý;
b) Thực hiện các biện pháp hỗ trợ gia đình, tổ chức xã hội được giao quản lý trong việc quản lý, giám sát người được quản lý tại nơi cư trú;
c) Khi được thông báo về việc người được quản lý bỏ trốn khỏi nơi cư trú hoặc có hành vi vi phạm pháp luật, Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã phải thông báo ngay cho cơ quan Công an cấp huyện để có biện pháp xử lý kịp thời theo quy định của pháp luật.
8. Chính phủ quy định chi tiết Điều này.
Điều 132. Truy tìm đối tượng đã có quyết định đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc trong trường hợp bỏ trốn
1. Trong trường hợp người đã có quyết định đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc bỏ trốn trước khi được đưa vào trường hoặc cơ sở, thì cơ quan Công an cấp huyện nơi lập hồ sơ ra quyết định truy tìm đối tượng.
2. Trong trường hợp người đang chấp hành tại trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc bỏ trốn thì Hiệu trưởng trường giáo dưỡng, Giám đốc cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc và Giám đốc cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc ra quyết định truy tìm đối tượng. Cơ quan Công an có trách nhiệm phối hợp với trường giáo dưỡng, cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc trong việc truy tìm đối tượng để đưa người đó trở lại trường hoặc cơ sở.
3. Đối với người có quyết định đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng hoặc đang chấp hành quyết định tại trường giáo dưỡng quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này, nếu khi truy tìm được mà người đó đã đủ 18 tuổi thì Hiệu trưởng trường giáo dưỡng đề nghị Tòa án nhân dân cấp huyện nơi có trường giáo dưỡng xem xét, quyết định áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc nếu có đủ điều kiện thuộc đối tượng đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc.
4. Thời gian bỏ trốn không được tính vào thời hạn chấp hành quyết định áp dụng biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục bắt buộc, đưa vào cơ sở cai nghiện bắt buộc.
Phần thứ năm
NHỮNG QUY ĐỊNH ĐỐI VỚI NGƯỜI CHƯA THÀNH NIÊN VI PHẠM HÀNH CHÍNH Chương I
QUY ĐỊNH CHUNG VỀ XỬ LÝ VI PHẠM HÀNH CHÍNH ĐỐI VỚI NGƯỜI CHƯA THÀNH NIÊN
Điều 133. Phạm vi áp dụng
Việc xử lý đối với người chưa thành niên vi phạm hành chính thực hiện theo quy định của Phần thứ năm và các quy định khác có liên quan của Luật này.
Điều 134. Nguyên tắc xử lý
Ngoài những nguyên tắc xử lý vi phạm hành chính quy định tại Điều 3 của Luật này, việc xử lý đối với người chưa thành niên còn được áp dụng các nguyên tắc sau đây:
1. Việc xử lý người chưa thành niên vi phạm hành chính chỉ được thực hiện trong trường hợp cần thiết nhằm giáo dục, giúp đỡ họ sửa chữa sai lầm, phát triển lành mạnh và trở thành công dân có ích cho xã hội.
Trong quá trình xem xét xử lý người chưa thành niên vi phạm hành chính, người có thẩm quyền xử lý vi phạm hành chính phải bảo đảm lợi ích tốt nhất cho người chưa thành niên. Biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng chỉ được áp dụng khi xét thấy không có biện pháp xử lý khác phù hợp hơn;
2. Việc xử lý người chưa thành niên vi phạm hành chính còn căn cứ vào khả năng nhận thức của người chưa thành niên về tính chất nguy hiểm cho xã hội của hành vi vi phạm, nguyên nhân và hoàn cảnh vi phạm để quyết định việc xử phạt hoặc áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính phù hợp;
3. Việc áp dụng hình thức xử phạt, quyết định mức xử phạt đối với người chưa thành niên vi phạm hành chính phải nhẹ hơn so với người thành niên có cùng hành vi vi phạm hành chính.
Trường hợp người từ đủ 14 tuổi đến dưới 16 tuổi vi phạm hành chính thì không áp dụng hình thức phạt tiền.
Trường hợp người từ đủ 16 tuổi đến dưới 18 tuổi vi phạm hành chính bị phạt tiền thì mức tiền phạt không quá 1/2 mức tiền phạt áp dụng đối với người thành niên; trường hợp không có tiền nộp phạt hoặc không có khả năng thực hiện biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả thì cha mẹ hoặc người giám hộ phải thực hiện thay;
4. Trong quá trình xử lý người chưa thành niên vi phạm hành chính, bí mật riêng tư của người chưa thành niên phải được tôn trọng và bảo vệ;
5. Các biện pháp thay thế xử lý vi phạm hành chính phải được xem xét áp dụng khi có đủ các điều kiện quy định tại Chương II của Phần này. Việc áp dụng biện pháp thay thế xử lý vi phạm hành chính không được coi là đã bị xử lý vi phạm hành chính.
Điều 135. Áp dụng các hình thức xử phạt và biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả
1. Các hình thức xử phạt áp dụng đối với người chưa thành niên bao gồm:
a) Cảnh cáo;
b) Phạt tiền;
c) Tịch thu tang vật, phương tiện vi phạm hành chính.
2. Các biện pháp khắc phục hậu quả áp dụng đối với người chưa thành niên bao gồm:
a) Buộc khôi phục lại tình trạng ban đầu;
b) Buộc thực hiện các biện pháp khắc phục tình trạng ô nhiễm môi trường, lây lan dịch bệnh;
c) Buộc tiêu hủy hàng hóa, vật phẩm gây hại cho sức khỏe con người, vật nuôi, cây trồng và môi trường; văn hóa phẩm có nội dung độc hại;
d) Buộc nộp lại khoản thu bất hợp pháp có được do thực hiện hành vi vi phạm hoặc buộc nộp lại số tiền bằng trị giá tang vật, phương tiện đã bị tiêu thụ, tẩu tán, tiêu hủy trái với quy định của pháp luật.
Điều 136. Áp dụng các biện pháp xử lý hành chính
1. Biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn được áp dụng đối với người chưa thành niên vi phạm pháp luật theo quy định tại Chương I Phần thứ ba của Luật này. Người chưa thành niên bị áp dụng biện pháp giáo dục tại xã, phường, thị trấn phải được cha mẹ hoặc người giám hộ quản lý, trường hợp không có nơi cư trú ổn định thì phải ở tại cơ sở bảo trợ xã hội hoặc cơ sở trợ giúp trẻ em; được đi học hoặc tham gia các chương trình học tập hoặc dạy nghề khác; tham gia các chương trình tham vấn, phát triển kỹ năng sống tại cộng đồng.
2. Biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng được áp dụng đối với người chưa thành niên vi phạm pháp luật theo quy định tại Chương II Phần thứ ba của Luật này.
Điều 137. Thời hạn được coi là chưa bị xử lý vi phạm hành chính đối với người chưa thành niên
1. Người chưa thành niên được coi là chưa bị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính nếu trong thời hạn 06 tháng, kể từ ngày chấp hành xong quyết định xử phạt hoặc từ ngày hết thời hiệu thi hành quyết định xử phạt mà không tái phạm.
2. Người chưa thành niên bị áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính nếu trong thời hạn 01 năm, kể từ ngày chấp hành xong quyết định xử lý hoặc từ ngày hết thời hiệu thi hành quyết định xử lý mà không tái phạm thì được coi là chưa bị áp dụng biện pháp xử lý hành chính.
Chương II
CÁC BIỆN PHÁP THAY THẾ XỬ LÝ VI PHẠM HÀNH CHÍNH ĐỐI VỚI NGƯỜI CHƯA THÀNH NIÊN
Điều 138. Các biện pháp thay thế xử lý vi phạm hành chính
Các biện pháp thay thế xử lý vi phạm hành chính đối với người chưa thành niên bao gồm:
1. Nhắc nhở;
2. Quản lý tại gia đình.
Điều 139. Nhắc nhở
1. Nhắc nhở là biện pháp thay thế xử lý vi phạm hành chính để chỉ ra những vi phạm do người chưa thành niên thực hiện, được thực hiện đối với người chưa thành niên vi phạm hành chính mà theo quy định của pháp luật phải bị xử phạt vi phạm hành chính khi có đủ các điều kiện sau:
a) Vi phạm hành chính theo quy định bị phạt cảnh cáo;
b) Người chưa thành niên vi phạm đã tự nguyện khai báo, thành thật hối lỗi về hành vi vi phạm của mình.
2. Căn cứ quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này, người có thẩm quyền xử phạt quyết định áp dụng biện pháp nhắc nhở.
Nhắc nhở được thực hiện bằng lời nói, ngay tại chỗ.
Điều 140. Quản lý tại gia đình
1. Quản lý tại gia đình là biện pháp thay thế xử lý vi phạm hành chính áp dụng đối với người chưa thành niên thuộc đối tượng quy định tại khoản 3 Điều 90 của Luật này khi có đủ các điều kiện sau:
a) Người chưa thành niên vi phạm đã tự nguyện khai báo, thành thật hối lỗi về hành vi vi phạm của mình;
b) Có môi trường sống thuận lợi cho việc thực hiện biện pháp này;
c) Cha mẹ hoặc người giám hộ có đủ điều kiện thực hiện việc quản lý và tự nguyện nhận trách nhiệm quản lý tại gia đình.
2. Căn cứ quy định tại khoản 1 Điều này, Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã quyết định áp dụng biện pháp quản lý tại gia đình.
3. Thời hạn áp dụng biện pháp quản lý tại gia đình từ 03 tháng đến 06 tháng.
4. Trong thời hạn 03 ngày, kể từ ngày quyết định áp dụng biện pháp quản lý tại gia đình có hiệu lực, Chủ tịch Ủy ban nhân dân cấp xã nơi đã ra quyết định phải gửi quyết định cho gia đình và phân công tổ chức, cá nhân nơi người đó cư trú để phối hợp, giám sát thực hiện.
Người chưa thành niên đang quản lý tại gia đình được đi học hoặc tham gia các chương trình học tập hoặc dạy nghề khác; tham gia các chương trình tham vấn, phát triển kỹ năng sống tại cộng đồng.
5. Trong thời gian quản lý tại gia đình, nếu người chưa thành niên tiếp tục vi phạm pháp luật thì người có thẩm quyền quy định tại khoản 2 Điều này quyết định chấm dứt việc áp dụng biện pháp này và xử lý theo quy định của pháp luật.
Phần thứ sáu
ĐIỀU KHOẢN THI HÀNH Điều 141. Hiệu lực thi hành
1. Luật này có hiệu lực thi hành từ ngày 01 tháng 7 năm 2013, trừ các quy định liên quan đến việc áp dụng các biện pháp xử lý hành chính do Tòa án nhân dân xem xét, quyết định thì có hiệu lực kể từ ngày 01 tháng 01 năm 2014.
2. Pháp lệnh xử lý vi phạm hành chính số 44/2002/PL-UBTVQH10, Pháp lệnh số 31/2007/PL- UBTVQH11 sửa đổi một số điều của Pháp lệnh xử lý vi phạm hành chính năm 2002 và Pháp lệnh số 04/2008/UBTVQH12 sửa đổi, bổ sung một số điều của Pháp lệnh xử lý vi phạm hành chính hết hiệu lực kể từ ngày Luật này có hiệu lực, trừ các quy định liên quan đến việc áp dụng các biện pháp đưa vào trường giáo dưỡng, đưa vào cơ sở giáo dục, đưa vào cơ sở chữa bệnh tiếp tục có hiệu lực đến hết ngày 31 tháng 12 năm 2013.
Điều 142. Quy định chi tiết và hướng dẫn thi hành
Chính phủ, Tòa án nhân dân tối cao quy định chi tiết, hướng dẫn thi hành các điều, khoản được giao trong Luật.
Luật này đã được Quốc hội nước Cộng hoà xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam khoá XIII, kỳ họp thứ 3 thông qua ngày 20 tháng 6 năm 2012.
CHỦ TỊCH QUỐC HỘI
Nguyễn Sinh Hùng
Legislation
Is implemented by (7
text(s)
)
Is implemented by (7
text(s)
)
Decree No. 31/216/ND-CP of May 6, 2016, on Penalties for Administrative Violations in the field of Plant Varieties, Plant Protection and Quarantine
(VN098)
Decree No. 158/2013/ND-CP of November 12, 2013, on Penalties for Administrative Violations Pertaining to Culture, Sports, Tourism and Advertising
(VN104)
Decree No. 159/2013/ND-CP of November 12, 2013, Providing for Administrative Penalties for Violations Arising in the Realm of Journalism and Publishing
(VN102)
Decree No. 71/2014/ND-CP of July 21, 2014, Detailing the Law on Competition on Imposition of Penalties for the Competition Law Violations
(VN146)
Circular No. 09/2013/TT-BCT of May 2, 2013, providing for Inspection and Administrative Violation Sanction Activities of Market Management Offices
(VN094)
Decree No. 131/2013/ND-CP of October 16, 2013, on Sanctioning Administrative Violations of Copyright and Related Rights
(VN103)
Decree No. 99/2013/ND-CP of August 29, 2013, on Sanctioning of Administrative Violations in Industrial Property
(VN088)
Historical Versions
Repeals (3
text(s)
)
Repeals (3
text(s)
)
Order No. 03/2008/L-CTN of April 12, 2008, on the Promulgation of the Ordinance amending and supplementing a Number of Articles of the Ordinance on Handling of Administrative Violations
(VN022)
Ordinance No. 04/2008/PL-UBTVQH12 amending and supplementing a Number of Articles of the Ordinance on Handling Administrative Violations
(VN023)
Ordinance No. 44/2002/PL-UBTVQH10 of July 2, 2002, on Handling of Administrative Violations
(VN054)
No data available.
WIPO Lex No.
VN080