Vietnam's New Regulations On Bank Guarantees Set To Take Effect - Real Estate - Vietnam
ARTICLE
2 April 2025
Vietnam's New Regulations On Bank Guarantees Set To Take Effect
TG
Tilleke & Gibbins
More
Contributor
Tilleke & Gibbins is a leading Southeast Asian regional law firm with over 250 lawyers and consultants practicing in Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam. We provide full-service legal solutions to the top investors and high-growth companies that drive economic expansion in Asia.
Explore Firm Details
On October 25, 2024, the State Bank of Vietnam (SBV) issued Circular No. 49/2024/TT-NHNN ("Circular 49") amending and supplementing certain provisions of Circular No. 11/2022/TT-NHNN...
Vietnam
Real Estate and Construction
Tram Ngoc Bich  Nguyen,
Vu Thien Tran,
Phuong Thi Ha Tran
+1 Authors
Your Author LinkedIn Connections
To print this article, all you need is to be registered or login on Mondaq.com.
Article Insights
This article from Tilleke & Gibbins  is most popular:
in Asia
Tram Ngoc Bich  Nguyen’s articles from Tilleke & Gibbins  are most popular:
in Asia
Tilleke & Gibbins  are most popular:
within Cannabis & Hemp, International Law, Food, Drugs, Healthcare and Life Sciences topic(s)
On October 25, 2024, the State Bank of Vietnam (SBV) issued

Circular No. 49/2024/TT-NHNN ("Circular 49") amending and

supplementing certain provisions of Circular No. 11/2022/TT-NHNN

dated September 30, 2022, on bank guarantees ("Circular

11"). However, shortly thereafter, the SBV replaced both

Circular 11 and Circular 49 with Circular No. 61/2024/TT-NHNN

("Circular 61") dated December 31, 2024, which

incorporates most of the updates from Circular 49 while introducing

further amendments to bank guarantee regulations to align with the

2024 Law on Credit Institutions and 2023 Law on Real Estate

Business. Circular 61 has an effective date of April 1, 2025.
Below, we highlight some new regulations on bank guarantees

under Circular 61, including those that were adopted from Circular

49.
Updated Definitions
Circular 61 broadens the definition of "customer" in

bank guarantee relationships, introducing the possibility of a

fourth party. Traditionally, a customer would request a credit

institution to guarantee its obligations. Under the revised

framework, a customer may also request the credit institution to

issue a guarantee for another party, such as a parent company

requesting a guarantee for its subsidiary. This change establishes

a broader scope of parties involved in a bank guarantee

relationship, which now includes the customer, the guarantor, the

guaranteed party, and the beneficiary.
Circular 61 also updates the definitions of "bank

guarantee", "cross-guarantee", and "guaranteed

party" to align with the term "bank guarantee" as

defined in the 2024 Law on Credit Institutions. This includes

requirements on mandatory debt acknowledgement.
Bank Guarantees for Sale of Off-Plan Housing
Circular 61, in alignment with Circular 49, the Law on Credit

Institutions, and the Law on Real Estate Business, allows foreign

bank branches and commercial banks (the "Guarantor") to

guarantee off-plan housing with a detailed procedure.
The guarantee agreement between the Guarantor and the real

estate project investor will be effective from the time of signing

until the guarantee obligations for all guarantee letters issued to

the home purchasers are terminated in accordance with applicable

law (e.g., when the real estate project investor fulfills its

commitment to hand over the property as stipulated in the off-plan

housing purchase/rent-to-own contract), and all obligations of the

real estate project investor to the Guarantor under the guarantee

agreement have been fully satisfied, unless the parties mutually

agree to terminate the guarantee agreement prior to its

expiration.
Guarantee agreements that were signed and became effective prior

to the effective date of Circular 61 (April 1, 2025) will remain in

effect and continue to be implemented in accordance with the terms

of the agreements, provided they comply with the applicable legal

regulations in force at the time of signing, until the guarantee

obligation is fulfilled. However, any amendments or additions to

these agreements may only be made if the revised or supplementary

content complies with the provisions of Circular 61.
Electronic Guarantee Activities
Circular 61 amends and supplements the minimum requirements for

credit institutions and foreign bank branches when developing

measures, forms, and technologies to implement electronic guarantee

operations. These requirements include, among others, applying

appropriate electronic transaction confirmation methods for

customers when conducting electronic transactions during the

electronic guarantee process; ensuring proper storage and

preservation of documents, information, and customer identification

data throughout the electronic guarantee process; and clearly

defining the specific roles and responsibilities of individuals and

departments involved in building, setting up, and operating the

information system for credit assessment and decision-making in the

electronic guarantee process.
Other New Points
Credit institutions and foreign bank branches are allowed to

agree with related parties to use a foreign language for guarantee

transactions conducted through the SWIFT system.
Credit institutions and foreign bank branches are required to

publicly disclose their guarantee fees.
A foreign bank branch is prohibited from issuing a guarantee in

foreign currency for a non-resident institutional client unless the

beneficiary is a resident.
The content of this article is intended to provide a general

guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought

about your specific circumstances.
[View Source]
Authors
Tram Ngoc Bich  Nguyen
Vu Thien Tran
Duc Minh Pham
Phuong Thi Ha Tran
Your Author LinkedIn Connections
See More Popular Content From
Real Estate and Construction
Contributor
Vietnam
Mondaq uses cookies on this website. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies as set out in our Privacy Policy.
Learn More
Accept