Source URL: https://english.luatvietnam.vn/law-no-23-2018-qh14-dated-june-12-2018-of-the-national-assembly-on-competition-164727-Doc1.html
Downloaded: 2026-07-21T11:29:59.718681

Competition Law, Law No. 23/2018/QH14
Home
Legal Normative Documents
New documents
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
News
Services
Available translation
On-demand translation
Vietnamese
Home
Legal Normative Documents
Bidding - Competition
Search
Advanced Search
Advanced search for legal documents
Filter by
Reset
Types of documents
Law
Ordinance
Decree
Decision
Circular
Joint Circular
Resolution
Directive
Official Dispatch
Regulation
Instruction
Notice
Order
Official Telegram
Plan
Report
Code
Consolidated Text
Convention
Agreement
Treaty
Protocol
Agreement
Treaty
Issuing bodies
Committee for Physical Trainning and Sports
Committee for Population, Family and Children
Council of Ministers
Department of Hanoi public health care
General Department of Customs
General Department of Forestry
General Department of Land Administration
General Department of Post and Telecommunications
General Department of Statistics
General Department of Taxation
General Department of Tourism
Government
Government Commission for Organizational Personnel
Government Committee for Prices
Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
Ministry of Aquatic Products
Ministry of Construction
Ministry of Culture - Information
Ministry of Culture and Information
Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism
Ministry of Education and Training
Ministry of Finance
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Health
Ministry of Home Affairs
Ministry of Industry
Ministry of Industry and Trade
Ministry of Information and Communications
Ministry of Justice
Ministry of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs
Ministry of National Defence
Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment
Ministry of Planning and Investment
Ministry of Post and Telecommunications
Ministry of Public Security
Ministry of Science and Technology
Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment
Ministry of Trade
Ministry of Transport
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
National Assembly Standing Committee
National Committee for International Economic Co-operation
National Committee for Population and Family Planning
Office of the Government
Office of the National Assembly
People' Committee of Ho Chi Minh City
People's Committee of Hanoi
People's Supereme Court
People's Supereme Procuracy
Political Bureau
Prime Minister
Socialist Republic of Vietnam
State Bank
State Bank of Vietnam
State Committee for Co-operation and Investment (SCCI)
State Committee for Ethnic Minorities and Mountainous Areas
State Committee for Planning
State Council
State Securities Commission
The Ethnic Minority Committee
The Judges's Council of the Supreme People's Court
The President
Vietnam Labor General Confederation
Vietnam Social Security
Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee
All fields
Culture - Sports - Tourism
Information - Communications
Agriculture - Forestry
Natural Resources - Environment
Justice
Criminal
Civil law
Marriage and family
Electricity
Bidding - Competition
Appeal - Accuse
Press - Television
Insurance
Emulation - Commendation - Discipline
Administrative border
Commerce - Advertising
Food and drug
Saving - Anti-corruption
National Security
Cadres - Civil Servants
Residence - Population
Immigration
Accounting - Audit
Securities
Navigation
Aquatic products
National defence
Intellectual property
Transport
Administration
Administrative violation
Policy
Enterprise
Organizational structure
Others
Customs
Construction
Science - Technology
Industry
Foreign affairs
Health
Public order
Labor - Salary
Export - Import
Education - Training - Vocational training
Tax - Fee - Charge
Land - Housing
Finance - Banking
Investment
Effect status
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Signers
Abdellatif Ouahbi
Abdelwaheb Abdallah
Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdullah Ali Abdullah Al Yahaya
Abdullah bin Sultan bin Awad Al Nuaimi
Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan
Adisai Bodharamik
Alastair Goodlad
Amaret Sila_on
Amnuay Viravan
Andre Ouellet
Andrew S.Natsisos
Ang Vong Vathana
Anna Lindstedt
Arifin M. Siregar
Au Anh Tuan
B.G (NS) George Yong-Boon Yeo
Bac-ba-ra Su-ma-nop-xka
Bach Thi Minh Huyen
Banh Tien Long
Battsetseg Batmunkh
Be-a-ta Xo-ten-mac
Berkesi Laszlos
Bernard K.Mambe
Bhuvesh Chaturvedi
Brain Cowen
Bui Anh Tuan
Bui Ba Bong
Bui Cach Tuyen
Bui Hong Linh
Bui Hong Minh
Bui Huu Toan
Bui Manh Cuong
Bui Manh Hai
Bui Nguyen Long
Bui Pham Khanh
Bui Quang Vinh
Bui Thanh Son
Bui The Duy
Bui Thi Quynh Van
Bui Thien Ngo
Bui Van Cuong
Bui Van Ga
Bui Van Khang
Bui Van Nam
Bui Van Suong
Bui Xuan Cuong
Bui Xuan Dung
Bui Xuan Khu
Bui Xuan Minh
Bui Xuan Son
Cao Anh Tuan
Cao Duc Phat
Cao Lai Quang
Cao Minh Quang
Cao Quoc Hung
Cao Si Kiem
Cao Viet Sinh
Caryn R. McClelland
Cear V.Purisma
Cecilia Piccioni
Cham Nimul
Cham Pradidh
Cham Prasidh
Chan Sek Keong
Charlotte Laursen
Chau Hue Cam
Chou Vichith
Chu Hao
Chu Ngoc Anh
Chu Pham Ngoc Hien
Chu Tuan Cap
Chu Tuan Nha
Chu Van Nguyen
Chu Van Thinh
Chu Xuan Dung
Commodore(Ns) Teo Chee Hean
Cristian Barros
Cu Ngoc Oanh
Dam Huu Dac
Dam Thi Hoa
Dang cap nhat
Dang Dinh Lam
Dang Dinh Luu
Dang Hanh Thu
Dang Hoang An
Dang Hong Nam
Dang Hung Vo
Dang Huu
Dang Huy Dong
Dang Huynh Mai
Dang Nghiem Chinh
Dang Ngoc Minh
Dang Ngoc Tung
Dang Nhu Loi
Dang Quang Phuong
Dang Quoc Tien
Dang Son Tung
Dang Thanh Binh
Dang Thi Bich Lien
Dang Thi Binh An
Dang Van Tao
Dang Van Tin
Dang Vu Chu
Daniel Tomlinson
Dao Dinh Binh
Dao Hong Lan
Dao Minh Tu
Dao Ngoc Dung
Dao Xuan Hoc
Da-So-Gan-Bon-Do
Dato’ Seri Paduka Haji Kifrawi
DATO’ SRI ONG TEE KEAT
Dick Kling
Diep Kinh Tan
Diep Kinh Tan
Dinh Anh Tuan
Dinh Huu Phi
Dinh La Thang
Dinh Ngoc Thang
Dinh Quang Ngu
Dinh Tien Dung
Dinh Trung Tung
Dinh Van Nha
Dinh Viet Son
Dlamini Zuma
Do Duc Duy
Do Duc Tien
Do Hai Dung
Do Hoang Anh Tuan
Do Huu Hao
Do Ngoc Huynh
Do Nguyen Phuong
Do Nhu Dinh
Do Quang Trung
Do Que Luong
Do Qui Doan
Do Quoc Sam
Do Quy Doan
Do Quy Doan
Do Thang Hai
Do Thanh Binh
Do Thi Xuan Phuong
Do Trung Ta
Do Van Dong
Do Van Sinh
Do Xuan Tuyen
Doan Hoang Minh
Doan Hong Phong
Doan Manh Giao
Doan Mau Diep
Doan Thai Son
Doan Van Viet
Doan Xuan Hung
Doan Xuan Toan
Duong Anh Duc
Duong Duc Tuan
Duong Gia Trien
Duong Quoc Anh
Duong Thu Huong
Duong Tri Dung
Ephraim Ben Matityau
Erik Derycke
Evgeny Shestakov
George Vella
Gia Tan Dinh
Giang Seo Phu
H. A.F.M.O van Mierlo
Ha Cong Tuan
Ha Hung
Ha Hung Cuong
Haike Manning
Hans Winkler
Hirofumi Nakasone
Ho Anh Tuan
Ho Dieu Bang
Ho Duc Phoc
Ho Huan Nghiem
Ho Nghia Dung
Ho Quoc Dung
Ho Te
Ho Thi Kim Thoa
Ho Xuan Hung
Hoang Cong Dung
Hoang Manh Hien
Hoang Minh Duc
Hoang Minh Hao
Hoang Minh Son
Hoang Minh Tuan Anh
Hoang Nghia Mai
Hoang Quoc Vuong
Hoang Quy
Hoang Sy Thanh
Hoang The Lien
Hoang Thi Ha Giang
Hoang Thi Tuyet Hoa
Hoang Trung
Hoang Trung Hai
Hoang Tuan Anh
Hoang Van Huay
Hoang Van Nghien
Hoang Van Phong
Hoang Van Thang
Hoang Viet Cuong
Hoang Vu Thanh
Hon. Robert Debus
HOR Namhong
Hu Cha-Chi
Hua Duc Nhi
Huynh Huu Phuc
Huynh Ngoc Thanh
Huynh Phong Tranh
Huynh Quang Hai
Huynh Thi Nhan
Huynh Vinh Ai
Jack Straw
Jan Vapaavuori
Joaquim Verissimo
John C Tsang
John Sydney Dawkins
Joseisidro N.Camacho
JUSMAN SYAFII DJAMAL
Kham Ouane Boupha
Khong co
Khuat Van Nga
KRASIMIR TSIPOV
Kwon Jong-rak
La Ngoc Khue
Lai Quang Thuc
Lam Thi Phuong Thanh
LASZLO TROCSANYI
Le Anh Tuan
Le Bach Hong
Le Chiem
Le Cong Phung
Le Cong Thanh
Le Danh Vinh
Le Dinh Tho
Le Dinh Tien
Le Doan Hop
Le Duc Anh
Le Duc Luan
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duong Quang
Le Duy Dong
Le Hoa Binh
Le Hoai Trung
Le Hong Anh
Le Hong Hai
Le Hong Nam
Le Hong Nga
Le Hong Son
Le Hung Son
Le Huy Con
Le Huy Ngo
Le Huy Vinh
Le Manh Hung
Le Minh Hoan
Le Minh Hung
Le Minh Huong
Le Minh Khai
Le Minh Ngan
Le Minh Tri
Le Nam Thang
Le Ngoc Hoan
Le Ngoc Trong
Le Quan
Le Quang Cuong
Le Quang Hung
Le Quang Tung
Le Quoc Doanh
Le Quoc Dung
Le Quoc Hung
Le Quoc Khanh
Le Quy Vuong
Le Quy Vuong
Le Tan Can
Le Tan Dung
Le Thanh Do
Le Thanh Liem
Le Thanh Long
Le Thanh Nghi
Le The Tiem
Le Thi Bang Tam
Le Thi Bich Thuan
Le Thi Thu Hang
Le Trung Chinh
Le Van Bang
Le Van Chau
Le Van Khoa
Le Van Tan
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Toan
Le Van Triet
Le Van Truyen
Le Van Tuyen
Le Van Uyen
Le Viet Dung
Le Vinh Tan
Le Vu Hung
Le Xuan Dinh
Le Xuan Trinh
LEANDRO R. MENDOZA
Lee Hsien Long
Lim Hng Kiang
Lim Jock Seng
Lo Thi Nhu
Luong Cuong
Luong Le Phuong
Luong Quoc Dung
Luong Tam Quang
Luong Thi Toi
Luong Van Tu
Luu Chan Dan
Luu Duc Huy
Luu Duc Sau
Luu Duc Tuyen
Luu Manh Tuong
Luu Tran Tieu
Macabangkit Lanto
Mai Ai Truc
Mai Liem Truc
Mai Luong Khoi
Mai Son
Mai Thi Thu Van
Mai Tien Dung
Mai Van Chinh
Mai Van Dau
Mai Xuan Thanh
MAJOR GENERAL THEIN SWE
Manuel M. Dayrit
Marcy Claudio Lopes
Mari Elka Pangestu
Maria Esther Reus Gonzalez
Martin Malvy
Maxim Alexandrovich Travnikov
MICHAEL KEENAN
Michael O. Leavitt
Miguel Angel Moratinos Cuyaube
Miguel Marin Bosch
Mike Penning
Mikulas BEK
Mingkwan Songsuwan
Mohammad Maruf
Muhyiddin Bin Mohammad Yassin
N.Ba-ga-Ban-di
NA-DA MA-LA-GOA-RA-CHI
Nam Viyaketh
Ngo Duy Hieu
Ngo Hai Phan
Ngo The Dan
Ngo Thi Kim Yen
Ngo Thi Minh
Ngo Xuan Hue
Ngo Xuan Lich
Ngo Xuan Loc
Nguen Hoang Tuan
Nguyen An Luong
Nguyen Anh Tuan
Nguyen Ba Hoan
Nguyen Bac Hai
Nguyen Bac Son
Nguyen Bich Dat
Nguyen Cam Tu
Nguyen Cao Luc
Nguyen Chi Dung
Nguyen Cong Binh
Nguyen Cong Dan
Nguyen Cong Nghiep
Nguyen Cong Su
Nguyen Cong Tan
Nguyen Cong Thanh
Nguyen Dai Thanh
Nguyen Dai Tri
Nguyen Danh Huy
Nguyen Danh Thai
Nguyen Dinh Bin
Nguyen Dinh Bong
Nguyen Dinh Khang
Nguyen Dinh Lieu
Nguyen Dinh Loc
Nguyen Dinh Toan
Nguyen Dong Tien
Nguyen Duc Chi
Nguyen Duc Chinh
Nguyen Duc Chung
Nguyen Duc Huy
Nguyen Duc Minh
Nguyen Duc Quang
Nguyen Duc Tam
Nguyen Duong Thai
Nguyen Duy Giang
Nguyen Duy Lam
Nguyen Duy Minh
Nguyen Duy Ngoc
Nguyen Duy Nien
Nguyen Duy Thang
Nguyen Dy Nien
Nguyen Hai Phong
Nguyen Hanh Phuc
Nguyen Hoa Binh
Nguyen Hoang Anh
Nguyen Hoang Hiep
Nguyen Hoang Long
Nguyen Hong Dien
Nguyen Hong Nhi
Nguyen Hong Quan
Nguyen Hong Truong
Nguyen Huu Chi
Nguyen Huu Do
Nguyen Huu Hoai
Nguyen Huu Hung
Nguyen Huu Nghiep
Nguyen Huu Tan
Nguyen Huu Tri
Nguyen Huu Vu
Nguyen Huy Ban
Nguyen Huy Dung
Nguyen Huy Hieu
Nguyen Huy Hoan
Nguyen Huy Luan
Nguyen Huy Tien
Nguyen Huy Tuong
Nguyen Khac Dinh
Nguyen Khanh
Nguyen Khanh Ngoc
Nguyen Khanh Toan
Nguyen Khoa Diem
Nguyen Kim Anh
Nguyen Kim Ly
Nguyen Kim Son
Nguyen Ky Cam
Nguyen Linh Ngoc
Nguyen Loc An
Nguyen Luong Trao
Nguyen Mai
Nguyen Manh Cam
Nguyen Manh Dong
Nguyen Manh Ha
Nguyen Manh Hien
Nguyen Manh Hung
Nguyen Manh Khuong
Nguyen Manh Kiem
Nguyen Minh Hien
Nguyen Minh Hong
Nguyen Minh Quang
Nguyen Minh Thao
Nguyen Minh Thong
Nguyen Minh Triet
Nguyen Minh Tuan
Nguyen Minh Vu
Nguyen Nam Binh
Nguyen Nam Hai
Nguyen Ngoc Bao
Nguyen Ngoc Canh
Nguyen Ngoc Dong
Nguyen Ngoc Hien
Nguyen Ngoc Hong
Nguyen Ngoc Lan
Nguyen Ngoc Phi
Nguyen Ngoc Thien
Nguyen Ngoc Tuan
Nguyen Ngoc Tuc
Nguyen Ngoc Vinh
Nguyen Nhac
Nguyen Nhat
Nguyen Nhat Kha
Nguyen Phu Binh
Nguyen Phu Trong
Nguyen Phuoc Thanh
Nguyen Phuong Nga
Nguyen Quan
Nguyen Quang Dung
Nguyen Quang Ha
Nguyen Quang Huy
Nguyen Que Huong
Nguyen Quoc Dung
Nguyen Quoc Huy
Nguyen Quoc Thanh
Nguyen Quoc Tri
Nguyen Quoc Trieu
Nguyen Sinh Hung
Nguyen Sinh Nhat Tan
Nguyen Son
Nguyen Sy Hiep
Nguyen Tam Chien
Nguyen Tan Dung
Nguyen Tan Trinh
Nguyen Tan Van
Nguyen Thac Giap
Nguyen Thai Binh
Nguyen Thai Duong
Nguyen Thai Lai
Nguyen Thanh
Nguyen Thanh Bien
Nguyen Thanh Cung
Nguyen Thanh Hoa
Nguyen Thanh Hung
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Long
Nguyen Thanh Nghi
Nguyen Thanh Phong
Nguyen Thanh Son
Nguyen Thanh Tinh
Nguyen The Manh
Nguyen The Phuong
Nguyen Thi Bich Ngoc
Nguyen Thi Cuc
Nguyen Thi Ha
Nguyen Thi Hang
Nguyen Thi Hanh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Anh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Lan
Nguyen Thi Hong
Nguyen Thi Hong Minh
Nguyen Thi Huong Lan
Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan
Nguyen Thi Kim Phung
Nguyen Thi Kim Tien
Nguyen Thi Le
Nguyen Thi Le Thanh
Nguyen Thi Lien Huong
Nguyen Thi Minh
Nguyen Thi Minh Nguyet
Nguyen Thi Nghia
Nguyen Thi Phuong Hoa
Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong
Nguyen Thi Thu
Nguyen Thi Thu Phuong
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Xuan Thu
Nguyen Thi Xuyen
Nguyen Thien Luan
Nguyen Thien Nhan
Nguyen Thuy Hien
Nguyen Tien Dinh
Nguyen Tien Dung
Nguyen Tien Hong
Nguyen Tien Sam
Nguyen Tien Trung
Nguyen Tien Truong
Nguyen Toan Thang
Nguyen Tran Nam
Nguyen Tri Thuc
Nguyen Tri Tue
Nguyen Trong Dam
Nguyen Trong Dieu
Nguyen Trong Du
Nguyen Trung Khanh
Nguyen Trung Kien
Nguyen Truong Son
Nguyen Tuong Van
Nguyen Van An
Nguyen Van Binh
Nguyen Van Cam
Nguyen Van Can
Nguyen Van Chi
Nguyen Van Cong
Nguyen Van Dang
Nguyen Van Duc
Nguyen Van Duoc
Nguyen Van Giau
Nguyen Van Hien
Nguyen Van Hieu
Nguyen Van Hoi
Nguyen Van Hong
Nguyen Van Hung
Nguyen Van Huong
Nguyen Van Khai
Nguyen Van Lien
Nguyen Van Long
Nguyen Van Nen
Nguyen Van Nganh
Nguyen Van Ngu
Nguyen Van Phuc
Nguyen Van Phung
Nguyen Van Rinh
Nguyen Van San
Nguyen Van Sanh
Nguyen Van Sinh
Nguyen Van Suu
Nguyen Van Thang
Nguyen Van Thanh
Nguyen Van The
Nguyen Van Tho
Nguyen Van Thuong
Nguyen Van Tien
Nguyen Van Trung
Nguyen Van Tung
Nguyen Van Vinh Chau
Nguyen Van Vong
Nguyen Vi Ninh
Nguyen Viet Hung
Nguyen Viet Thang
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Vinh Hien
Nguyen Xuan Chuan
Nguyen Xuan Cuong
Nguyen Xuan Duong
Nguyen Xuan Phuc
Nguyen Xuan Quang
Nguyen Xuan Sang
Nguyen Xuan Thanh
Nguyen Xuan Thao
Nguyen Xuan Thuy
Nicola Louise Roxon
Nong Duc Manh
Nong Phi Quang
Obaid Humaid Al Tayer
Oldemiro Julio Marques Baloi
Olga Algajerova
OsMan Giines
Pan Sorasak
Patrizia Toia
Paula Lehtomaki
Pedro Mejia Gomez
PEHIN DATO ABU BAKAR APONG
Peter B.Favila
Peter D. Garrucho
Peter Ricketts
Peter Szijjarto
Pham Binh Minh
Pham Cong Tac
Pham Duc Long
Pham Duy Anh
Pham Duy Khuong
Pham Gia Khiem
Pham Gia Tuc
Pham Hoang Duc
Pham Hong Giang
Pham Hong Ha
Pham Hong Hai
Pham Khoi Nguyen
Pham Le Tuan
Pham Manh Hung
Pham Manh Thang
Pham Minh Chinh
Pham Minh Ha
Pham Minh Huan
Pham Ngac
Pham Ngoc Thuong
Pham Quang Dung
Pham Quang Nghi
Pham Quang Ngoc
Pham Quang Tuyen
Pham Quang Vinh
Pham Quoc Anh
Pham Quoc Hung
Pham Quy Ngo
Pham Quy Tieu
Pham Quy Ty
Pham Si Chien
Pham Si Danh
Pham Sy Chung
Pham Sy Danh
Pham Thanh Binh
Pham Thanh Ha
Pham The Minh
Pham Thi Hai Chuyen
Pham Thi Thanh Tra
Pham Tien Dung
Pham Van Dinh
Pham Van Hau
Pham Van Huyen
Pham Van Khanh
Pham Van Phuong
Pham Van Tra
Pham Van Trong
Pham Vu Luan
Pham Xuan Tien
Phan Chi Hieu
Phan Khac Hai
Phan Quang Trung
Phan Tam
Phan Thai Dung
Phan The Rue
Phan Thi My Linh
Phan Thi Thang
Phan Tien Lan
Phan Trung Kien
Phan Van Anh
Phan Van Da
Phan Van Dinh
Phan Van Giang
Phan Van Khai
Phan Van Mai
Phan Van Men
Phan Van Tiem
Phan Van Trong
Phi Dang Minh
Phi Van Tuan
Pho-do-ri-co Gon-xa-let Phran-co
Phung Duc Tien
Phung Khac Ke
Phung Ngoc Hung
Phung Quang Thanh
Phung Xuan Nha
Phuong Huu Oanh
Pierre.S.Pettigrew
Pirapan Salirathavibhaga
Pra-Chuop Chai-Ya-San
Quach Dang Hoa
Rafael Catala Polo
Rafidah Aziz
Rashid Tussupbekov
RAYMOND LIM
Rini M.S. Soewandi
Rizalino S. Navarro
ROBERT PELIKAN
Ryszard Michalski
Saadi Salama
Sergey Lavrov
SOMMAD PHOLSENA
SOPHON ZARAM
Soulivong Daravong
SUSHILKUMAR SHINDE
T. Ariwibowo
Ta Anh Tuan
Ta Ca
Ta Manh Hung
Ta Quang Dong
Ta Quang Khanh
Ta Quang Ngoc
Ta Quoc Trung
Ta Thi Phuong Lan
Tan Sri Abdul Gani Patail
Tang Chi Thuong
Tao Huu Phung
TAUCH CHANKOSAL
Tea Varak
Thai Van Tai
Tharman Shanmugaratnam
Thi Van Tam
Thongbanh Sengaphone
Tibor Navracsics
To Anh Dung
To Lam
To Tu Ha
Tong Anh Hao
Tong Thi Minh
Tong Van Nga
Toshiko Abe
Tran Anh Tuan
Tran Chi Dao
Tran Chi Liem
Tran Chien Thang
Tran Cong Phan
Tran Dai Quang
Tran Dinh Duy
Tran Dinh Hoan
Tran Dinh Khoa
Tran Dinh Lieu
Tran Doan Tho
Tran Duc Lai
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Dung Ha
Tran Duy Dong
Tran Hanh
Tran Hiep Hung
Tran Hong Ha
Tran Lum
Tran Luu Quang
Tran Minh Phuc
Tran Minh Tuan
Tran Ngoc Binh
Tran Ngoc Liem
Tran Ngoc Thien
Tran Quan
Tran Quang Bao
Tran Quang Lam
Tran Quang Quy
Tran Quoc Khanh
Tran Quoc Phuong
Tran Quoc Thang
Tran Quy Kien
Tran Thanh Hai
Tran Thanh Man
Tran Thanh Nam
Tran The Ngoc
Tran Thi Thanh Binh
Tran Thi Thanh Thanh
Tran Thi Trung Chien
Tran Thu
Tran Tien Dung
Tran Tuan Anh
Tran Van Chung
Tran Van Dang
Tran Van Dung
Tran Van Hieu
Tran Van Son
Tran Van Ta
Tran Van Thuan
Tran Van Truyen
Tran Van Tu
Tran Van Tuan
Tran Van Tung
Tran Viet Tan
Tran Viet Thanh
Tran Vinh Tuyen
Tran Xuan Gia
Tran Xuan Ha
Trieu Van Be
Trinh Dinh Dung
Trinh Hong Duong
Trinh Quan Huan
Trinh Thi Thuy
Trinh To Tam
Trinh Xuan Truong
Truong Chi Trung
Truong Chinh
Truong Dinh Tuyen
Truong Hoa Binh
Truong Minh Tuan
Truong Quang Nghia
Truong Quoc Cuong
Truong Tan Sang
Truong Tan Vien
Truong Thanh Hoai
Truong Thi Mai
Truong Van Doan
Truong Vinh Trong
Ts. Hamid Awaludin
TSEND NYAMDORJ
U Khin Maung Win
U Soe Tha
Uong Chu Luu
Van Trong Ly
Vilay LAKHAMPHONG
Vince Henderson
Vitezslav Grepl
Vo Chi Cong
Vo Hong Phuc
Vo Minh Luong
Vo Thai Hoa
Vo Thanh Hung
Vo Tuan Nhan
Vo Van Hoan
Vo Van Hung
Vo Van Kiet
Vo Van Minh
Vo Van Thuong
Vu Bang
Vu Cao Cuong
Vu Chien Thang
Vu Duc Dam
Vu Dung
Vu Hai Quan
Vu Hai San
Vu Hong Khanh
Vu Hong Nam
Vu Hong Thuan
Vu Huy Hoang
Vu Khac Lien
Vu Khoan
Vu Le Quan
Vu Manh Ha
Vu Mong Giao
Vu Ngoc Anh
Vu Thi Lien
Vu Thi Mai
Vu Trong Hong
Vu Tuan Canh
Vu Tuan Cuong
Vu Van Ninh
Vu Van Tam
Vu Van Truong
Vuong Dinh Hue
Vy Trong Toan
Watana Muangsook
Yahya AKKURT
Yeo Cheow Tong
Yoon Young – Kwan
Yoriko Kawaguchi
Yrou Young - Kwan
Yury Nazaranka
Zafar Sh. Ruziev
Zdravko Marie
Zhakyp Assanov
Ziradin Jovanovic
Translation types
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
Summary
Content
Status
Vietnamese
Related documents
Diagram
Download
Bilingual Text
Please
log in
to your
Advanced Package
to view the full text. Do not have an account yet?
Register here
.
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Print
Share:
Text mode:
Light
|
Dark
Font size:
Send link to email
Send
Error message
Competition Law, Law No. 23/2018/QH14
* Required information
Email
*
Content
*
Send
ATTRIBUTE Competition Law
Law No. 23/2018/QH14 dated June 12, 2018 of the National Assembly on Competition
Issuing body:
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
Effective date:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Official number:
23/2018/QH14
Signer:
Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan
Type:
Law
Expiry date:
Updating
Issuing date:
12/06/2018
Effect status:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Fields:
Bidding - Competition
SUMMARY
Law on Competition 2018
Law No.  23/2018/QH14 on Competition is passed on June 12, 2018 by the National Assembly, takes effect on July 01, 2019.
This Law removes the limitation of economic concentration. Specifically, instead of prohibiting economic concentration if the combined market shares of enterprises participating in economic concentration account for over 50% on the relevant market, this Law only prohibits economic concentration if it causes or probably cause substantial anti-competitive effects on the Vietnamese market.
Concurrently, this Law also prescribes about fines imposed on violations of competition law. Within that, the maximum fine for violations of economic concentration regulations shall be 5% of the total turnover of violating enterprises on the relevant market in the fiscal year preceding the year of violation; the maximum fine for violations of regulations on unfair competition shall be VND 02 billion; the maximum fine for other violations of this Law shall be VND 200 million…
This Law replaces the Competition Law 2004.
For more details,
click here.
Download files
here.
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
Effect status:
Known
The Effect status of this document is known.This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to view Effect status. Don’t have an account?
Register here
THE
PRESID
ENT
THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Independence - Freedom - Happiness
No. 02/2018/L-CTN
Hanoi, June 25, 2018
ORDER
On the promulgation of law
[1]
THE PRESIDENT OF THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Pursuant to Articles 88 and 91 of the Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam;
Pursuant to Article 80 of the Law on Promulgation of Legal Documents;
PROMULGATES:
The Competition Law,
which was passed on June 12, 2018, by the XIV
th
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam at its 5
th
session.
President of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
TRAN DAI QUANG
THE NATIONAL
ASSEMBLY
THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Independence - Freedom - Happiness
No. 23/2018/QH14
COMPETITION LAW
[2]
Pursuant to the Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam;
The National Assembly promulgates the Competition Law.
Chapter I
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Article 1.
Scope of regulation
This Law prescribes practices in restraint of competition, economic concentration creating or likely to create competition restraining impacts in Vietnam’s market; unfair competitive practices; competition legal proceedings; handling of violations of the competition law; and state management of competition.
Article 2.
Subjects of application
1. Business organizations and individuals (below collectively referred to as enterprises), including also enterprises engaged in production or supply/provision of public products/services, enterprises operating in state monopoly industries or sectors, public non-business units, and foreign enterprises operating in Vietnam.
2. Trade associations operating in Vietnam.
3. Related domestic and foreign agencies, organizations and individuals.
Article 3.
Interpretation of terms
In this Law, the terms below are construed as follows:
1.
Trade associations
include commodity line associations and professional associations.
2.
Practices in restraint of competition
means practices creating or likely to create competition restraining impacts, including practices of reaching agreement on competition restraint, abusing the dominant market position, and abusing the monopoly position.
3.
Competition restraining impact
means an impact that excludes, reduces, distorts or hinders competition in the market.
4.
Cartel
means an agreement reached by involved parties in any form that creates or is likely to create competition restraining impacts.
5.
Abusing the dominant market position or abusing the monopoly position
means practices of an enterprise having the dominant market position or monopoly position that create or are likely to create competition restraining impacts.
6.
Practices of
unfair competition
means practices of enterprises that run counter to the principles of goodwill and honesty, commercial practices and other standards in doing business, which cause or are likely to cause damage to lawful rights and interests of other enterprises.
7.
Relevant market
means a market of goods or services which are substitutable in terms of characteristics, use purpose and prices in a particular geographical area under similar competition conditions and with significant differences from neighboring geographical areas.
8.
Competition legal proceedings
means activities of investigating and handling competition cases and settling complaints about decisions to handle competition cases according to the order and procedures prescribed in this Law.
9.
Competition case
means a case showing signs of violating the competition law which is investigated and handled in accordance with this Law. Competition cases include competition restraint-related cases, cases of violation of regulations on economic concentration, and unfair competition cases.
Article 4.
Application of the competition law
1. This Law generally regulates competition relations. The investigation and handling of competition cases, exemption for prohibited cartels, and notification of economic concentration must comply with this Law.
2. In case another law contains provisions on practices in restraint of competition, forms of economic concentration, unfair competitive practices, and handling of unfair competitive practices which are different from those of this Law, the former shall prevail.
Article 5.
Rights to and principles of competition in doing business
1. Enterprises have the right to free competition in accordance with law. The State guarantees the right to lawful competition in doing business.
2. Competition shall be practiced on the principles of honesty, equality and fairness, without infringing upon the interests of the State, public interests, and lawful rights and interests of enterprises and consumers.
Article 6.
State policies on competition
1. To establish and maintain a healthy, fair, equal and transparent competitive environment.
2. To promote competition and guarantee enterprises’ right to free competition in doing business in accordance with law.
3. To enhance market accessibility, increase economic efficiency and social welfare, and protect consumer interests.
4. To create conditions for the society and consumers to participate in overseeing the implementation of the competition law.
Article 7.
Responsibility for state management of competition
1. The Government shall perform the unified state management of competition.
2. The Ministry of Industry and Trade shall act as the focal point to assist the Government in performing the state management of competition.
3. Ministries and ministerial-level agencies shall, within the ambit of their tasks and powers, coordinate with the Ministry of Industry and Trade in performing the state management of competition.
4. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall, within the ambit of their tasks and powers, perform the state management of competition.
Article 8.
Prohibited practices related to competition
1. Practices performed by state agencies to hinder competition in the market:
a/ To force, demand or recommend enterprises, agencies, organizations or individuals to perform or not to perform the following acts: producing, purchasing and selling certain goods or providing and using certain services, or purchasing and selling goods or providing and using goods to/of certain enterprises, except goods and services in state monopoly sectors or in emergency cases as prescribed by law;
b/ To treat enterprises discriminatorily;
c/ To force, demand or recommend trade associations, socio-professional organizations or enterprises to align with one another to restrain competition in the market;
d/ To abuse positions and powers to illegally intervene in competition activities.
2. Organizations or individuals providing information or mobilizing, calling, forcing or organizing enterprises to perform practices in restraint of competition or practices of unfair competition.
Chapter II
RELEVANT MARKETS AND MARKET SHARES
Article 9.
Identification of relevant markets
1. A relevant market shall be identified on the basis of a relevant product market and relevant geographical market.
Relevant product market means a market of goods or services which are substitutable in terms of characteristics, use purpose and prices.
Relevant geographical market means a specific geographical area where substitutable goods or services are supplied/provided under similar conditions of competition which are significantly different from neighboring geographical areas.
2. The Government shall detail Clause 1 of this Article.
Article 10.
Identification of market shares and combined market shares
1. Based on the characteristics and nature of a relevant market, the share of an enterprise in the relevant market shall be identified based on one of the following indicators:
a/ Percentage of the sales turnover of an enterprise to the aggregate sales turnover of all enterprises in the relevant market, which may be calculated on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis;
b/ Percentage of the purchase turnover of an enterprise to the aggregate purchase turnover of all enterprises in the relevant market, which may be calculated on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis;
c/ Percentage of the quantity of units of goods or services sold by an enterprise to the aggregate quantity of units of goods or services sold by all enterprises in the relevant market, which may be calculated on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis;
d/ Percentage of the quantity of units of goods or services purchased by an enterprise to the aggregate quantity of units of goods or services purchased by all enterprises in the relevant market, which may be calculated on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis.
2. Combined market share is the aggregate share of enterprises involved in practices in restraint of competition or economic concentration in a relevant market.
3. Turnover used to identify market shares referred to in Clause 1 of this Article shall be determined according to Vietnam’s accounting standards.
4. For an enterprise having carried out business activities for just less than one fiscal year, the turnover and quantity of units of goods or services sold and purchased which are used to identify its market share under Clause 1 of this Article shall be calculated from the time the enterprise commences its operation to the time of identification of its market share.
5. The Government shall detail this Article.
Chapter III
CARTELS
Article 11.
Cartels
1. Agreements on directly or indirectly fixing prices of goods or services.
2. Agreements on dividing customers, sale markets, or sources of supply of goods or provision of services.
3. Agreements on limiting or controlling the quantity or volume of goods produced, purchased and sold or services provided.
4. Agreements on allowing one or more than one party to win contracts in the bidding for supply of goods or provision of services.
5. Agreements on preventing, restraining or disallowing other enterprises to enter the market or develop business.
6. Agreements on precluding from the market enterprises that are not parties to the agreements.
7. Agreements restricting technical and technological development or restricting investment.
8. Agreement on imposing or fixing conditions for signing goods purchase and sale and service provision contracts for other enterprises, or agreements forcing other enterprises to accept obligations not directly related to the subject matters of contracts.
9. Agreements on entering into transactions with those that are not parties to the agreements.
10. Agreements on restricting sale markets or sources of supply of goods or provision of services of those that are not parties to the agreements.
11. Other agreements creating or likely to create competition restraining impacts.
Article 12.
Prohibited cartels
1. Cartels among the enterprises in the same relevant markets as prescribed in Clauses 1, 2 and 3, Article 11 of this Law.
2. Cartels among the enterprises defined in Clauses 4, 5 and 6, Article 11 of this Law.
3. Cartels among the enterprises in the same relevant market as prescribed in Clauses 7 thru 11, Article 11 of this Law that create or are likely to create significant competition restraining impacts in the market.
4. Cartels among the enterprises performing different stages in the same production, distribution or supply chain for a certain type of goods or service as prescribed in Clauses 1, 2, 3, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11, Article 11 of this Law that create or are likely to create significant competition restraining impacts in the market.
Article 13.
Assessment of significant competition restraining impacts or possible significant competition restraining impacts of cartels
1. The National Competition Committee shall assess significant competition restraining impacts or possible significant competition restraining impacts of cartels based on:
a/ Market shares of enterprises joining the cartels;
b/ Market entry or expansion barriers;
c/ Restrictions on technology research, development or innovation or restrictions on technology capacity;
d/ Reduction of accessibility to or possession of essential infrastructure facilities;
dd/ Increase of costs and/or time of customers in purchasing goods or services from the enterprises joining the cartels or when shifting to purchase other relevant goods or services;
e/ Obstructing competition in the market through controlling particular elements in the industries and sectors related to the enterprises joining the cartels.
2. The Government shall detail Clause 1 of this Article.
Article 14.
Exemption for prohibited cartels
1. The cartels prescribed in Clauses 1, 2, 3, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11, Article 11 which are prohibited under Article 12 of this Law are entitled to exemption for a given period if they bring benefits to consumers and satisfy one of the following conditions:
a/ Promoting technical and technological advances and improving the quality of goods and services;
b/ Raising the competitiveness of Vietnamese enterprises in the international market;
c/ Promoting the uniform application of quality standards and technical norms of different types of products;
d/ Unifying contract performance, goods delivery, and payment conditions which are not related to prices and price constituents.
2. Labor agreements or cooperation agreements in particular industries or sectors regulated by other laws must comply with such laws.
Article 15.
Submission of dossiers of request for exemption for prohibited cartels
1. Enterprises wishing to join prohibited cartels shall submit dossiers of request for exemption to the National Competition Committee.
2. A dossier of request for exemption for a prohibited cartel must comprise:
a/ A written request made according to the form issued by the National Competition Committee;
b/ Draft contents agreed upon by the parties;
c/ A copy of the enterprise registration certificate or equivalent document of every enterprise joining the cartel; or a copy of the charter of the trade association joining the cartel;
d/ The financial statements of every enterprise joining the cartel for 2 consecutive years preceding the year of dossier submission, or the audited financial statement made for the period from the time of establishment of the enterprise to the time of dossier submission, for a newly established enterprise;
dd/ A report giving detailed explanations about the enterprise’s satisfaction of the conditions prescribed in Clause 1, Article 14 of this Law, accompanied by supporting proof;
e/ A power of attorney (if any) of the parties joining the cartel to the representing party.
3. Enterprises shall take responsibility for the authenticity of the dossiers they submit. Foreign-language documents in dossiers shall be accompanied by their Vietnamese translations.
Article 16.
Processing of dossiers of request for exemption for prohibited cartels
1. The National Competition Committee shall process dossiers of request for exemption for prohibited cartels.
2. Within 7 working days after receiving a dossier of request for exemption, the National Competition Committee shall inform in writing the dossier submitter of whether the dossier is complete and valid.
If finding the dossier incomplete or invalid, the National Competition Committee shall send a written notice to the parties for them to modify the dossier within 30 days from the date of issuance of the notice.
Upon the expiration of the above time limit, if the requested parties fail to modify the dossier or improperly modify it, the National Competition Committee may return the dossier.
3. After receiving a notice stating that the dossier is complete and valid, the dossier submitter shall pay a dossier appraisal charge in accordance with the law on charges and fees.
4. A dossier shall be processed after the dossier submitter fully pays the dossier appraisal charge.
Article 17.
Addition of information and documents in requests for exemption for prohibited cartels
1. After processing a dossier of request for exemption for a prohibited cartel, the National Competition Committee may request the dossier submitter to add other necessary information and documents relating to the intention to implement such cartel.
2. In case the requested parties fail to add the information and documents as required or improperly add it, the National Competition Committee may consider and make its decision based on available information and documents.
Article 18.
Consultation in the course of examining dossiers of request for exemption for prohibited cartels
1. The National Competition Committee may consult related agencies, organizations and individuals about the contents of the prohibited cartel for which exemption is requested.
2. Within 15 days after receiving the request from the National Competition Committee, the consulted agencies, organizations and individuals shall give written replies and provide information and documents on the matters put for consultation.
Article 19.
Withdrawal of dossiers of request for exemption for prohibited cartels
1. Enterprises may withdraw dossiers of request for exemption for prohibited cartels. A request for dossier withdrawal shall be made in writing and sent to the National Competition Committee.
2. Dossier appraisal charges shall not be refunded to enterprises that withdraw dossiers of request for exemption.
Article 20.
Competence and time limit for issuing decisions on exemption  for prohibited cartels
1. The National Competition Committee shall issue a decision approving or  disapproving the grant of exemption for a prohibited cartel to related parties in accordance with this Law; in case of disapproval, the Committee shall clearly state the reason.
2. The time limit for issuing a decision on grant of exemption is 60 days from the date of accepting a dossier.
3. For a complicated case, the time limit prescribed in Clause 2 of this Article may be extended by the National Competition Committee for no more than 30 days. The extension shall be notified in writing to the dossier submitter at least 3 working days before the deadline for issuing a decision on grant of exemption.
4. In case the National Competition Committee violates the regulations on the order, procedures and time limit for issuing a decision on grant of exemption, enterprises may file complaints or lawsuits in accordance with law.
Article 21.
Decisions on grant of exemption for prohibited cartels
1. A decision on grant of exemption for a prohibited cartel must have the following principal contents:
a/ Names and addresses of the parties to the cartel;
b/ Contents of the cartel;
c/ Conditions on and obligations of the parties to the cartel;
d/ Period of exemption.
2. A decision on grant of exemption for a prohibited cartel shall be sent to the parties to the cartel within 7 working days after it is issued.
3. The period of exemption specified at Point d, Clause 1 of this Article must not exceed 5 years from the date of issuance of a decision on grant of exemption.
At least 90 days before the date of expiration of the period of exemption for a prohibited cartel, the National Competition Committee shall, at the request of the parties to the cartel, consider and decide whether or not to extend the exemption. The extended period of exemption must not exceed 5 years from the date of issuance of a decision on extension of exemption.
Article 22.
Implementation of cartels in case of exemption
1. The parties to a cartel that satisfy the conditions for exemption specified in Clause 1, Article 14 of this Law may implement this cartel only after a decision on grant of exemption prescribed in Article 21 of this Law is issued.
2. The parties to a cartel eligible for exemption shall comply with the decision on grant of exemption prescribed in Article 21 of this Law.
Article 23.
Annulment of decisions on grant of exemption for prohibited cartels
1. The National Competition Committee shall decide to annul a decision on grant of exemption in the following cases:
a/ The conditions for exemption no longer exist;
b/ A fraud is detected in the request for exemption;
c/ The enterprise entitled to exemption violates the conditions and obligations for exemption stated in the decision on grant of exemption;
d/ The decision on grant of exemption is issued based on inaccurate information or documents on the conditions for exemption.
2. In case the conditions for exemption no longer exist, the party entitled to exemption shall notify such to the National Competition Committee for issuing a decision to annul the decision on grant of exemption.
3. A decision annulling the decision on grant of exemption shall be sent to the parties to the cartel within 7 working days after it is issued.
Chapter IV
ABUSE OF DOMINANT MARKET POSITIONS, ABUSE OF MONOPOLY POSITIONS
Article 24.
Enterprises and groups of enterprises having dominant market positions
1. An enterprise shall be regarded as having a dominant market position if it has a significant market power determined under Article 26 of this Law or has a share of at least 30% of a relevant market.
2. A group of enterprises shall be regarded as having a dominant market position if they jointly act to create competition restraining impacts and have a significant market power determined under Article 26 of this Law or has a total market share falling into one of the following cases:
a/ Two enterprises have a total share of at least 50% of a relevant market;
b/ Three enterprises have a total share of at least 65% of a relevant market;
c/ Four enterprises have a total share of at least 75% of a relevant market;
d/ Five enterprises have a total share of at least 85% of a relevant market.
3. A group of enterprises having a dominant market position prescribed in Clause 2 of this Article does not include an enterprise having a share of under 10% of a relevant market.
Article 25.
Enterprises having monopoly positions
An enterprise shall be regarded as having the monopoly position if it has no competitor in terms of goods or services it commercially provides in a relevant market.
Article 26.
Identification of significant market power
1. Significant market power of an enterprise or a group of enterprises shall be identified based on the following elements:
a/ Shares of enterprises in a relevant market;
b/ Financial capacity and size of the enterprise(s);
c/ Market entry and expansion barriers to other enterprises;
d/ Ability to hold, access and control markets for distribution and sale of goods and services or supply sources of goods and services;
dd/ Advantages in technology and technical infrastructure;
e/ The rights to own, hold and access infrastructure facilities;
g/ The rights to own and use subject matters of intellectual property rights;
h/ The possibility to change to the supply or demand sources of other related goods and services;
i/ Particular elements in the industries and sectors in which the enterprise(s) is/are doing business.
2. The Government shall detail Clause 1 of this Article.
Article 27.
Prohibited acts abusing dominant market positions or abusing monopoly positions
1. An enterprise or a group of enterprises having a dominant market share(s) that commit(s) the following acts:
a/ Selling goods or providing services at prices lower than total costs, leading to the preclusion or possible preclusion of competitors;
b/ Imposing irrational purchase prices or sale prices of goods or services or fixing minimum resale prices that cause or are likely to cause damage to customers;
c/ Restricting the production or distribution of goods and services, restricting markets, or obstructing technological or technical development that causes or is likely to cause damage to customers;
d/ Applying different trade conditions in similar transactions that prevent or are likely to prevent other enterprises from entering or expanding the market or preclude other enterprises;
dd/ Imposing conditions on other enterprises in signing contracts on purchase and sale of goods and services, or requesting other enterprises and customers to accept obligations not directly related to the subject matters of contracts, which prevents or is likely to prevent other enterprises from entering or expanding the market or precludes other enterprises;
e/ Preventing other enterprises from entering or expanding the market;
g/ Prohibited acts abusing dominant market positions prescribed by other laws.
2. Enterprises having monopoly positions that commit the following acts:
a/ The acts specified at Points b, c, d, dd and e, Clause 1 of this Article;
b/ Imposing disadvantageous conditions on customers;
c/ Abusing monopoly positions to unilaterally alter or cancel the signed contracts without a plausible reason;
d/ Prohibited acts abusing monopoly positions prescribed by other laws.
Article 28.
Control of enterprises operating in state monopoly sectors
1. The State shall control enterprises operating in state monopoly sectors by the following measures:
a/ Deciding on purchase prices or sale prices of goods and services in such sectors;
b/ Deciding on the quantity, volume and market scope of goods and services in such sectors;
c/ Setting orientations and organizing markets for goods and services in such sectors in accordance with this Law and other relevant laws.
2. When an enterprise operating in state monopoly sectors carries out business activities outside these sectors, such business activities are not regulated by Clause 1 of this Article but must still comply with other provisions of this Law.
Chapter V
ECONOMIC CONCENTRATION
Article 29.
Forms of economic concentration
1. Economic concentration takes the following forms:
a/ Merger of enterprises;
b/ Consolidation of enterprises;
c/ Acquisition of enterprises;
d/ Joint ventures among enterprises;
dd/ Other forms as prescribed by law.
2. Merger of enterprises means that one or more than one enterprise transfers all of its/their assets, rights, obligations and lawful interests to another enterprise concurrently with terminating its/their business activities or existence.
3. Consolidation of enterprises means that two or more enterprises transfer all of their assets, rights, obligations and lawful interests to form a new enterprise concurrently with terminating their business activities or existence.
4. Acquisition of an enterprise means that one enterprise directly or indirectly purchases the whole or part of capital contributions and assets of another enterprise which is sufficient for controlling and dominating the latter or its business line.
5. Joint venture among enterprises means that two or more enterprises jointly contribute part of their assets, rights, obligations and lawful interests to form a new one.
Article 30.
Prohibited practices of economic concentration
Practices of economic concentration perfromed by enterprises which create or are likely to create significant competition restraining impacts in Vietnam’s market.
Article 31.
Assessment of significant competition restraining impacts or possible significant competition restraining impacts of economic concentration
1. The National Competition Committee shall assess significant competition restraining impacts or possible significant competition restraining impacts of economic concentration based on one or several of the following elements:
a/ Combined shares of enterprises participating in economic concentration in a relevant market;
b/ Degree of concentration in a relevant market before and after the time of economic concentration;
c/ Relationship of enterprises participating in economic concentration in the production, distribution and supply chain with regard to a certain type of goods or service or business lines of the enterprises participating in economic concentration which are inputs of or complementary to one another;
d/ Competitive advantages brought about by economic concentration in a relevant market;
dd/ The possibility that enterprises significantly increase prices or return-on-sales ratios after the time of economic concentration;
e/ The possibility that enterprises preclude other enterprises or prevent other enterprises from entering or expanding the market after the economic concentration;
g/ Particular elements in the industries and sectors in which the enterprises participate in economic concentration.
2. The Government shall detail Clause 1 of this Article.
Article 32.
Assessment of positive impacts of economic concentration
1. The National Competition Committee shall assess positive impacts of economic concentration based on one or several of the following elements:
a/ Positive impacts on the development of the industries and sectors and science and technology under the State’s relevant strategies and master plans;
b/ Positive impacts on the development of small- and medium-sized enterprises;
c/ Increase of the competitiveness of Vietnamese enterprises in the international market.
2. The Government shall detail Clause 1 of this Article.
Article 33.
Notification of economic concentration
1. Enterprises participating in economic concentration shall submit dossiers of notification of economic concentration to the National Competition Committee prescribed Article 34 of this Law before performing economic concentration if they reach the notification thresholds of economic concentration.
2. A notification threshold of economic concentration shall be identified based on one of the following criteria:
a/ Total assets of an enterprise participating in economic concentration in Vietnam’s market;
b/ Total turnover of an enterprise participating in economic concentration in Vietnam’s market;
c/ Traded value of economic concentration;
d/ Combined share of an enterprise participating in economic concentration in a relevant market.
3. The Government shall detail this Article in conformity with socio-economic conditions in each period.
Article 34.
Dossiers of notification of economic concentration
1. A dossier of notification of economic concentration must comprise:
a/ A notice of economic concentration, made according to the form issued by the National Competition Committee;
b/ A draft agreement, contract or memorandum of understanding on economic concentration between related enterprises;
c/ A valid copy of the enterprise registration certificate or equivalent document of every enterprise participating in economic concentration;
d/ The financial statements of every enterprise participating in economic concentration of 2 consecutive years preceding the year of notification of economic concentration, or the audited financial statement of the period from the time of establishment of the enterprise to the time of notification of economic concentration, for newly established enterprises, as prescribed by law;
dd/ A list of parent companies, subsidiaries, member companies, branches, representative offices and other affiliated units (if any) of every enterprise participating in economic concentration;
e/ A list of goods and services which every enterprise participating in economic concentration trades in;
g/ Information about the market share of every enterprise participating in economic concentration in the intended sector of economic concentration in 2 consecutive years preceding the year of notification of economic concentration;
h/ A plan to deal with possible competition restraining impacts of economic concentration;
i/ A report assessing positive impacts of economic concentration and measures to enhance such positive impacts.
2. Enterprises submitting dossiers of notification of economic concentration shall take responsibility for the authenticity of the dossiers. Foreign-language documents in dossiers shall be accompanied by their Vietnamese translations.
Article 35.
Receipt of dossiers of notification of economic concentration
1. The National Competition Committee shall receive dossiers of notification of economic concentration.
2. Within 7 working days after receiving a dossier of notification of economic concentration, the National Competition Committee shall issue a written notice of whether the dossier is complete and valid.
If finding the dossier incomplete or invalid, the National Competition Committee shall issue a written notice to the related parties for them to modify the dossier within 30 days from the date of issuance of the notice.
Upon the expiration of the above time limit, if the related parties fail to modify the dossier or improperly modify it, the National Competition Committee shall return the dossier.
Article 36.
Preliminary review of economic concentration
1. The National Competition Committee shall conduct preliminary review of economic concentration, which must cover:
a/ Combined shares of enterprises participating in economic concentration in a relevant market;
b/ Degree of concentration in a relevant market before and after the time of economic concentration;
c/ Relationship of enterprises participating in economic concentration in the production, distribution and supply chain for a certain type of goods or service or business lines of enterprises participating in economic concentration that are inputs of or complementary to one another.
2. Within 30 days after receiving a complete and valid dossier of notification of economic concentration, the National Competition Committee shall issue a notice of the result of preliminary review of economic concentration that:
a/ Economic concentration is permitted; or,
b/ Economic concentration is subject to official review.
3. Upon the expiration of the time limit prescribed in Clause 2 of this Article, if the National Competition Committee issues no notice of the result of preliminary review of economic concentration, economic concentration will be permitted to be performed and the National Competition Committee may not issue a notice with the content specified at Point b, Clause 2 of this Article.
4. The Government shall detail Clause 1 of this Article and criteria for identifying economic concentration subject to official review prescribed at Point b, Clause 2 of this Article.
Article 37.
Official review of economic concentration
1. The National Competition Committee shall carry out official review of economic concentration within 90 days after issuing a notice of the result of preliminary review with the content prescribed at Point b, Clause 2, Article 36 of this Law.
For a complicated case, the National Competition Committee may extend the period of official review for no more than 60 days and issue a written notice thereof to the enterprise submitting the dossier of notification of economic concentration.
2. Contents of official review of economic concentration include:
a/ Assessment of significant competition restraining impacts or possible significant competition restraining impacts of economic concentration under Article 31 of this Law and remedies for these impacts;
b/ Assessment of positive impacts of economic concentration under Article 32 of this Law and measures to enhance these impacts;
c/ Overall assessment of possible competition restraining impacts and possible positive impacts of economic concentration to serve as a basis for consideration and decision on economic concentration.
Article 38.
Addition of information about economic concentration
1. In the course of carrying out an official review of economic concentration, the National Competition Committee may request no more than twice the enterprise that submits the dossier of notification of economic concentration to add information and documents.
2. The enterprise that submits the dossier of notification of economic concentration shall add information and documents relating to economic concentration at the request of the National Competition Committee and take responsibility for the completeness and accuracy of such information and documents.
3. If the requested party fails to add information and documents or improperly add them, the National Competition Committee shall consider and make decision based on available information and documents.
4. The time for addition of information and documents prescribed in Clause 2 of this Article shall not be included in the time limit for review of economic concentration specified in Clause 1, Article 37 of this Law.
Article 39.
Consultation in the course of review of economic concentration
1. During a review of economic concentration, the National Competition Committee may consult management agencies in charge of the industries and sectors in which enterprises participating in economic concentration are operating.
Within 15 days after receiving a written request from the National Competition Committee, the consulted agencies shall give written opinions on matters put for consultation.
2. During a review of economic concentration, the National Competition Committee may consult other related enterprises, organizations and individuals.
Article 40.
Responsibility to provide information and documents of related agencies, organizations and individuals for review of economic concentration
1. During a review of economic concentration, related agencies, organizations and individuals shall provide sufficient, accurate and prompt information and documents at the request of the National Competition Committee, unless otherwise prescribed by law.
2. The National Competition Committee shall keep confidential the provided information and documents in accordance with law.
Article 41.
Decision on economic concentration
1. After completing official review of economic concentration, based on the review contents, the National Competition Committee shall issue a decision that:
a/ Economic concentration is permitted;
b/ Economic concentration is conditional as prescribed in Article 42 of this Law; or,
c/ Economic concentration is prohibited.
2. A decision on economic concentration mentioned in Clause 1 of this Article shall be sent to the enterprises participating in economic concentration within 5 working days after it is issued.
3. In case the National Competition Committee issues a decision after the above time limit expires, causing damage to enterprises, it shall pay compensation in accordance with law.
Article 42.
Conditional economic concentration
Conditional economic concentration means economic concentration which may be performed if one or several of the following conditions is or are satisfied:
1. Separation or splitting of an enterprise participating in economic concentration or resale of part of capital contributions or assets of such enterprise.
2. Control of the contents relating to purchase prices and sale prices of goods and services or other transaction conditions in contracts of the enterprise formed after economic concentration.
3. Other measures to remediate possible competition restraining impacts in the market.
4. Other measures to enhance positive impacts of economic concentration.
Article 43.
Performance of economic concentration
1. Enterprises performing economic concentration defined at Point a, Clause 2, and Clause 3, Article 36, and Points a and b, Clause 1, Article 41, of this Law may carry out economic concentration procedures in accordance with the law on enterprises and other relevant laws.
2. Enterprises participating in economic concentration defined at Point b, Clause 1, Article 41 of this Law must fully satisfy the conditions for economic concentration specified in the decision on economic concentration issued by the National Competition Committee before and after the economic concentration.
Article 44.
Violations of regulations on economic concentration
1. Failing to notify economic concentration in accordance with this Law.
2. Performing economic concentration before the National Competition Committee issues a notice of the result of preliminary review of economic concentration as prescribed in Clause 2, Article 36, except the case prescribed in Clause 3, Article 36, of this Law.
3. Performing economic concentration before the National Competition Committee issues the decision prescribed in Article 41 of this Law, in cases subject to official review of economic concentration.
4. Failing to satisfy or fully satisfy the conditions prescribed in the decision on economic concentration specified at Point b, Clause 1, Article 41 of this Law.
5. Performing economic concentration in the case specified at Point c, Clause 1, Article 41 of this Law.
6. Performing prohibited economic concentration prescribed in Article 30 of this Law.
Chapter VI
PROHIBITED PRACTICES OF UNFAIR COMPETITION
Article 45.
Prohibited practices of unfair competition
1. Infringing upon confidential business information in the following forms:
a/ Accessing or collecting confidential business information through opposing security measures of the owners of such information;
b/ Disclosing or using confidential business information without permission of the owners of such information.
2. Threatening or forcing customers or partners of other enterprises to refrain from conducting or cease transactions with such enterprises.
3. Directly or indirectly providing untruthful information about other enterprises, thus adversely affecting their prestige, financial capacity or business activities.
4. Disrupting business activities of other enterprises through directly or indirectly obstructing or interrupting their lawful business activities.
5. Illicitlly enticing customers through:
a/ Providing deceitful or confusing information about the enterprises or goods, services, sales promotion, or transaction conditions related to goods or services provided by the enterprises in order to attract customers of other enterprises;
b/ Comparing goods and services of their own with those of the same types of other enterprises without proof for such comparison.
6. Selling goods or providing services at prices lower than total costs, which precludes or is likely to preclude other enterprises trading in such goods or services.
7. Other practices of unfair competition prohibited by other laws.
Chapter VII
THE NATIONAL COMPETITION COMMITTEE
Article 46.
The National Competition Committee
1. The National Competition Committee is an agency attached to the Ministry of Industry and Trade and composed of the Chairperson, vice chairpersons and members.
The investigation body for competition cases and other competent units constitute the assisting apparatus of the National Competition Committee.
2. The National Competition Committee has the following tasks and powers:
a/ To advise and assist the Minister of Industry and Trade in performing the state management of competition;
b/ To conduct competition legal proceedings; to control economic concentration; to decide on exemption for prohibited cartels; to settle complaints about decisions to handle competition cases; to perform other tasks in accordance with this Law and other relevant laws.
3. The Government shall issue detailed regulations on the tasks, powers and organizational structure of the National Competition Committee.
Article 47.
Chairperson of the National Competition Committee
The Chairperson of the National Competition Committee is the head of the Committee and shall take responsibility before law for the organization and operation of the Committee.
Article 48.
Members of the National Competition Committee
1. Members of the National Competition Committee shall join the Council for handling competition restraint-related cases and the Council for settling complaints about decisions to handle competition restraint-related cases according to the order and procedures for competition legal proceedings prescribed in this Law.
2. The number of members of the National Competition Committee must not exceed 15, including the Chairperson. Members of the National Competition Committee must be civil servants of the Ministry of Industry and Trade and related ministries and sectors, experts and scientists.
3. Members of the National Competition Committee shall be appointed and relieved from office by the Prime Minister at the proposal of the Minister of Industry and Trade.
4. Members of the National Competition Committee may hold office for a term of 5 years and be re-appointed.
Article 49.
Criteria for a member of the National Competition Committee
1. Being a Vietnamese citizen, having good moral qualities, and being upright and honest.
2. Possessing a university or higher degree in law, economics or finance.
3. Having a total actual working period of at least 9 years in one or more than one of the professions specified in Clause 2 of this Article.
Article 50.
The investigation body for competition cases
1. The investigation body for competition cases is attached to the National Competition Committee and has the function to investigate violations of this Law.
2. The investigation body for competition cases has the following tasks and powers:
a/ To collect and receive information in order to detect acts showing signs of violation of the competition law;
b/ To organize investigation of competition cases;
c/ To propose the application, change or cancellation of measures to deter, and secure the handling of, administrative violations during the investigation and handling of competition cases;
d/ To take lawful investigation measures in the course of investigation;
dd/ To perform other tasks as assigned by the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee.
Article 51.
Head of the investigation body for competition cases
1. The head of the investigation body for competition cases shall be appointed and relieved from office by the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee.
2. The head of the investigation body for competition cases shall organize the operation of the body to perform the functions, tasks and powers defined in Article 50 of this Law.
Article 52.
Investigators of competition cases
1. Investigators of competition cases shall be appointed and relieved from office by the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee.
2. Investigators of competition cases shall investigate competition cases as assigned by the head of the investigation body for competition cases.
Article 53.
Criteria for an investigator of competition cases
1. Being a Vietnamese citizen, having good moral qualities, and being upright and honest.
2. Being a civil servant of the National Competition Committee.
3. Possessing a university or higher degree in law, economics, finance, or information technology.
4. Having a total actual working period of at least 5 years in one or more than one of the professions prescribed in Clause 3 of this Article.
5. Having been trained in professional investigation.
Chapter VIII
COMPETITION LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Section 1
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Article 54.
Principles of competition legal proceedings
1. Competition legal proceedings of agencies conducting competition legal proceedings, persons conducting competition legal proceedings, persons participating in competition legal proceedings, and related agencies, organizations and individuals must comply with this Law.
2. Agencies conducting competition legal proceedings, persons conducting competition legal proceedings, and persons participating in competition legal proceedings shall, within the ambit of their responsibilities, powers and obligations, keep confidential information relating to competition cases and business secrets of enterprises in accordance with law.
3. Lawful rights and interests of related enterprises, organizations and individuals shall be respected in the course of conducting competition legal proceedings.
Article 55.
Spoken and written language used in competition legal proceedings
The spoken and written language used in competition legal proceedings is Vietnamese. Persons participating in competition legal proceedings may use their native spoken and written language; in this case an interpreter is required.
Article 56.
Evidence
1. Evidence includes real things which are used as grounds for identifying violations of the competition law and violating enterprises, and other important circumstances in the settlement of competition cases.
2. Evidence shall be collected from the following sources:
a/ Readable, audible and visible documents, and electronic data;
b/ Material exhibits;
c/ Testimonies and presentations made by witnesses;
d/ Testimonies, presentations and explanations made by complainants, investigated parties, or related organizations or individuals;
dd/ Assessment conclusions;
e/ Records made in the course of investigation and handling of competition cases;
g/ Other documents and objects or other sources as prescribed by law.
3. The identification of evidence is prescribed below:
a/ Readable documents may be regarded as evidence if they are originals or lawfully notarized or certified copies or are provided or certified by related or competent agencies, organizations or individuals;
b/ Audible and visible documents may be regarded as evidence if they are produced together with their owners’ written presentations about the origin of the documents if such documents are audio or video recorded by the owners, or the document providers’ written certifications of the origin of the documents, or documents on the facts related to such audio or video recording;
c/ Electronic data massages shall be expressed in the form of exchanged electronic data, electronic documents, emails, telegrams, telegraphs, faxes, and other similar forms as prescribed by the law on e-transactions;
d/ Material exhibits used as evidence must be the original exhibits related to the cases;
dd/ Testimonies and presentations of witnesses; testimonies, presentations and explanations of complainants, complainees, investigated parties, or related organizations or individuals may be regarded as evidence if they are recorded in writing, audio tapes, audio discs, video tapes, video discs, or other sound- and image-recording devices prescribed at Points a and b of this Clause or are given orally at hearings;
e/ Assessment conclusions may be regarded as evidence if such assessment is carried out according to the law-prescribed procedures.
4. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 57.
Responsibility to coordinate and assist in the settlement of competition cases
1. Competent agencies and persons shall, within the ambit of their functions, tasks and powers, coordinate with and assist one another in the course of investigation and handling of competition cases at the request of the National Competition Committee, the investigation body for competition cases, and the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case.
2. Enterprises, agencies, organizations and individuals shall provide sufficient, accurate and prompt information and documents they are managing or holding which are related to the competition cases at the request of the National Competition Committee, the investigation body for competition cases, and the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case.
Section 2
AGENCIES CONDUCTING COMPETITION LEGAL PROCEEDINGS, PERSONS CONDUCTING COMPETITION LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Article 58.
Agencies conducting competition legal proceedings and persons conducting competition legal proceedings
1. Agencies conducting competition legal proceedings include:
a/ The National Competition Committee;
b/ The Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case;
c/ The Council for settling complaints about decisions to handle competition cases;
d/ The investigation body for competition cases.
2. Persons conducting competition legal proceedings:
a/ Chairperson of the National Competition Committee;
b/ Chairperson of the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case;
c/ Members of the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case;
d/ Members of the Council for settling complaints about decisions to handle competition cases;
dd/ Head of the investigation body for competition cases;
e/ Investigators of competition cases;
g/ Secretaries at hearings.
Article 59.
Tasks and powers of the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee when conducting competition legal proceedings
1. To decide to form the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case in order to settle competition restraint-related cases and appoint the secretary of a hearing from among the civil servants of the National Competition Committee.
2. To decide on replacement of members of the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case and secretaries of hearings.
3. To form the Council for settling complaints about decisions to handle competition cases and concurrently act the Council’s chairperson.
4. To settle complaints about decisions to handle violations of the regulations on economic concentration or unfair competition.
5. To request competent agencies to apply, alter or cancel measures to deter, and secure the handling of, administrative violations in the investigation and handling of competition cases in accordance with the law on handling of administrative violations.
6. To decide on handling of violations of the regulations on economic concentration.
7. To decide on handling of unfair competition cases.
8. To perform other tasks and powers in accordance with this Law.
Article 60.
Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case
1. The Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case shall be formed under the decision of the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee to handle a specific competition restraint-related case. The Council shall terminate operation and disband when accomplishing its tasks. The Council shall operate independently and comply with law.
2. The Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case must have 3 or 5 members, who shall be selected under decisions of the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee from among the Committee’s members, including one member to be assigned as the Council’s chairperson.
3. The Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case shall operate on a collegial basis and make decisions by majority vote.
Article 61.
Tasks and powers of the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case and its Chairperson and members
1. The Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case has the following tasks and powers:
a/ To decide on the opening of hearings;
b/ To summon participants in hearings;
c/ To summon witnesses at the request of the parties;
d/ To decide to request expert assessment; to decide on replacement of expert witnesses and interpreters;
dd/ To request the competition body for competition cases to conduct additional investigation;
e/ To decide to suspend the settlement of competition restraint-related cases;
g/ To decide to handle competition restraint-related cases;
h/ To request the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee to perform the tasks and exercise the powers specified in Clauses 2 and 5, Article 59 of this Law;
i/ To perform other tasks and powers in accordance with this Law.
2. The Chairperson of the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case has the following tasks and powers:
a/ To handle competition restraint-related cases;
b/ To convene and preside over meetings of the Council;
c/ To sign documents of the Council;
d/ To perform other tasks and exercise other powers in accordance with this Law.
3. Members of the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case have the following tasks and powers:
a/ To attend all meetings of the Council;
b/ To discuss and vote on matters falling within the ambit of the Council’s tasks and powers.
Article 62.
Tasks and powers of the head of the investigation body for competition cases when conducting competition legal proceedings
1. The head of the investigation body for competition cases has the following tasks and powers:
a/ To decide on investigation of competition cases after obtaining approval of the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee;
b/ To decide on assignment of investigators of competition cases;
c/ To request related agencies, organizations and individuals to provide  documents, information, objects and explanations related to the competition cases at the request of investigators of competition cases;
d/ To decide on replacement of investigators of competition cases;
dd/ To decide to request expert assessment; to decide on replacement of expert witnesses or interpreters in the course of investigation;
e/ To decide to summon witnesses at the request of the parties;
g/ To decide to extend the time limit for, or suspend, the investigation of competition cases after obtaining approval of the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee;
h/ To propose the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee to request competent agencies to apply, alter or cancel measures to deter, and secure the handling of, administrative violations in the course of investigation;
i/ To make investigation conclusions on competition cases;
k/ To attend hearings;
l/ To perform other tasks and exercise other powers in accordance with this Law.
2. Upon completing the investigation process, the head of the investigation body for competition cases shall sign investigation conclusions on competition cases; and transfer investigation reports and investigation conclusions together with all dossiers of competition cases to the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee.
Article 63.
Tasks and powers of investigators of competition cases when conducting competition legal proceedings
1. To investigate competition cases as assigned by the head of the investigation body for competition cases.
2. To make investigation reports after completing the investigation of competition cases.
3. To preserve the documents provided to them.
4. To take responsibility before the head of the investigation body for competition cases and before law for the performance of their tasks and powers.
5. To attend hearings.
6. To take professional investigation measures in the course of investigation in accordance with law.
7. To propose the head of the investigation body for competition cases to decide to extend the time limit for or suspend investigation and make investigation conclusions, request expert assessment, or replace expert witnesses or interpreters in the course of investigation.
8. To report to the head of the investigation body for competition cases for the latter to propose the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee to request competent agencies to apply measures to deter, and secure the handling of, administrative violations in the course of investigation.
9. To perform other tasks and exercise other powers in accordance with this Law.
Article 64.
Tasks and powers of the secretary of a hearing
1. To make necessary professional preparations before the opening of the hearing.
2. To announce the rules of the hearing.
3. To report on the presence or absence of persons summoned to the hearing to the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case.
4. To make hearing scripts.
5. To perform other tasks as assigned by the Chairperson of the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case.
Article 65.
Replacement of persons conducting competition legal proceedings
1. Members of the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case, investigators of competition cases, and secretaries of hearings shall refuse to conduct competition legal proceedings or be replaced if falling into one of the following cases:
a/ They are relatives of investigated parties or complainants;
b/ They are persons with interests and obligations related to the competition cases;
c/ There are grounds to believe that they might not be impartial while performing their tasks.
2. The Chairperson of the National Competition Committee shall decide by himself/herself or at the request of the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case decide to replace members of this Council and secretaries of hearings.
3. At a hearing, when it is necessary to replace a member of the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case or the secretary of the hearing, this Council shall issue a decision to postpone the hearing and, at the same time, propose the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee to replace such member and secretary. The postponement period must not exceed 15 days from the date of issuance of the decision to postpone the hearing.
Section 3
COMPETITION LEGAL PROCEEDING PARTICIPANTS
Article 66.
Competition legal proceeding participants
1.
The complainant.
2. The complainee.
3. The investigated party.
4. Persons with related interests and obligations.
5. Defenders of lawful rights and interests of the complainant, complainee, investigated party and persons with related interests and obligations.
6. Witnesses.
7. Expert witnesses.
8. Interpreters.
Article 67.
Rights and obligations of the complainant, complainee and investigated party
1. The complainant being an organization or individual whose complaint file specified in Article 77 of this Law is received and considered by the National Competition Committee for investigation according to Article 78 of this Law has the following rights:
a/ The rights specified in Clause 3 of this Article;
b/ To propose the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee to request competent agencies to apply measures to deter administrative violations in the investigation and handling of competition cases and ensure the handling thereof.
2. The complainee being an organization or individual that is complained about his/her/its act of violating the competition law has the following rights:
a/ To be informed of being complained;
b/ To explain the complained contents.
3. The investigated party being an organization or individual to be investigated under decision of the National Competition Committee in the cases specified in Article 80 of this Law has the following rights:
a/ To participate in all competition legal proceedings;
b/ To produce information, documents and objects to defend his/her/its lawful rights and interests;
c/ To be informed of information, documents and objects produced by the complainant or the investigation body for competition cases;
d/ To study documents in the competition case file and take notes of and copy necessary documents in such file in order to defend his/her/its lawful rights and interests, excluding documents and evidence not permitted for disclosure in accordance with law;
dd/ To participate in and present his/her/its opinions in the hearings;
e/ To request the summoning of witnesses;
g/ To request expert assessment;
h/ To propose the replacement of persons conducting competition legal proceedings and competition legal proceeding participants;
i/ To authorize defenders of his/her lawful rights and interests to participate in competition legal proceedings;
k/ To request the investigation body for competition cases and the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case to accept the participation by persons with related interests and obligations in competition legal proceedings;
l/ Other rights as prescribed by law.
4. The investigated party and complainant have the following obligations:
a/ To provide full, truthful and accurate information, documents and necessary objects in a timely manner related to their proposals or requests;
b/ To appear in response to the summonses of the investigation body for competition cases and the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case;
c/ Not to disclose investigation secrets they know in the process of participating in competition legal proceedings; not to use their notes and copies of documents in the competition case file for the purpose of infringing upon the State’s interests or lawful rights and interests of organizations and individuals;
d/ To abide by decisions of the National Competition Committee, the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case and the investigation body for competition cases.
Article 68.
Defenders of lawful rights and interests of the complainant, complainee and investigated party and persons with related interests and obligations
1. The defender of lawful rights and interests of the complainant, complainee and investigated party or a person with related interests and obligations is a person requested in writing by the complainant, complainee, investigated party or a person with related interests and obligations to participate in competition legal proceedings to defend the latter’s lawful rights and interests.
2. The following persons may act as defenders of lawful rights and interests of the complainant, complainee, investigated party or persons with related interests and obligations:
a/ Lawyers according to the law on lawyers;
b/ Vietnamese citizens having full civil act capacity, possessing legal knowledge, not being involved in an instituted criminal case, and having no criminal records.
3. A defender may defend lawful rights and interests of multiple parties in the same case provided that the lawful rights and interests of such parties do not conflict one another. More than one defender may defend lawful rights and interests of one party in the case.
4. When conducting procedures for registration for acting as a defender of lawful rights and interests of the complainant, complainee, investigated party or a person with related interests and obligations, the registrant shall produce a written request for defense of relevant interests and obligations of such party.
5. In case of participating in competition legal proceedings, the defender of lawful rights and interests of the complainant, complainee, investigated party or a person with related interests and obligations has the following rights and obligations:
a/ To participate in all competition legal proceedings;
b/ To verify and collect information and evidence and provide them to defend the lawful rights and interests of the party he/she represents;
c/ To study documents in the competition case files and to take notes of and copy necessary documents in such files in order to defend the lawful rights and interests of the party he/she represents;
d/ To propose on behalf of the party he/she represents the replacement of persons  conducting competition legal proceedings and competition legal proceeding participants;
dd/ To respect the truth and law; not to bribe, force or incite other persons to give false testimonies or provide untruthful documents;
e/ To appear under the written invitation or in response to the summons of the National Competition Committee, the investigation body for competition cases or the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case;
g/ Not to disclose investigation secrets he/she knows in the process of participating in competition legal proceedings; not to use his/her notes and copies of documents in the competition case files for the purpose of infringing upon the State’s interests or lawful rights and interests of organizations and individuals;
h/ Other rights and obligations as prescribed by law.
Article 69.
Witnesses
1. Persons who know about circumstances related to a competition case may be summoned by the investigation body for competition cases and the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case to participate in the competition legal proceedings in the capacity as witnesses. Persons who have lost their civil act capacity may not act as witnesses.
2. Witnesses have the following rights and obligations:
a/ To provide all documents, papers and objects which they have and are related to the settlement of the competition case; to give truthful testimonies to the investigation body for competition cases and the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case on all circumstances which they know and are related to the settlement of the competition case;
b/ To participate in hearings and give presentations to
the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case;
c/ To take leave when they are summoned to appear in a hearing by, or give testimonies to, the investigation body for competition cases or the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case, if they are working for agencies, organizations or enterprises;
d/ To be paid for related expenses as prescribed by law;
dd/ To refuse to give testimonies if such testimonies are related to the State’s secrets or professional, business or personal secrets or adversely affect the complainant or investigated party being their close relative;
e/ To pay damages and take responsibility before law for their false testimonies causing damage to the complainant, the investigated party or other organizations and individuals;
g/ To appear at the hearing in response to the summons of the Council for handing of the competition restraint-related case if they are required to give testimonies publicly at the hearing;
h/ To pledge before the investigation body for competition cases or the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case to exercise their rights and fulfill their obligations, except minor witnesses;
i/ To be defended in accordance with law.
3. Witnesses who refuse to give testimonies, give false testimonies, provide false documents or are absent without plausible reasons when being summoned by the investigation body for competition cases or the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case shall bear responsibility before law, except the case prescribed at Point dd, Clause 2 of this Article.
Article 70.
Expert witnesses
1. Expert witnesses are persons with profound understanding of and having necessary knowledge about the fields to be assessed at the request of the head of the investigation body for competition cases or the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case or at the request of the involved parties in case the head of the investigation body or the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case refuses to solicit an expert assessment.
2. Expert witnesses have the following rights and obligations:
a/ To read documents in the competition case files relating to objects in need of expert assessment; to request expert assessment-soliciting agencies, organizations and persons or expert assessment-requesting persons to provide documents necessary for expert assessment;
b/ To raise questions to the competition legal proceeding participants on matters related to objects in need of expert assessment;
c/ To appear in response to the summonses of agencies conducting competition legal proceedings, and give answers on matters related to the expert assessment as well as expert assessment conclusions in an honest, grounded and objective manner;
d/ To notify in writing the expert assessment-soliciting agency and expert assessment-requesting persons of the impossibility to perform expert assessment because the matters requested to be assessed fall beyond their professional capability or the provided documents are insufficient or irrelevant for expert assessment;
dd/ To retain the received documents and return them to the expert assessment-soliciting agency and expert assessment-requesting persons together with the expert assessment conclusions or the notice of the impossibility to perform expert assessment;
e/ Not to collect by themselves documents for expert assessment; not to privately contact other competition legal proceeding participants if such contact affects the impartiality of expert assessment results; not to disclose information they know in the expert assessment process; not to notify expert assessment results to other persons, except the agencies conducting competition legal proceedings and expert assessment-requesting persons if the head of the investigation body for competition cases or the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case refuses to solicit an expert assessment;
g/ To be paid for related expenses in accordance with law.
3. An expert witness who refuses to give expert assessment conclusions without plausible reasons or gives false expert assessment conclusions or is absent without plausible reasons when summoned by the agency conducting competition legal proceedings shall bear responsibility before law.
4. An expert witness shall refuse to participate in competition legal proceedings or be replaced in the following cases:
a/ He/she is the complainant, the investigated party, a person with related interests and obligations or a relative thereof;
b/ He/she has participated in competition legal proceedings in the capacity as a defender of lawful rights and interests, a witness or an interpreter in the same competition case;
c/ There are explicit grounds to believe that he/she might be not impartial when performing his/her tasks.
Article 71.
Interpreters
1. Interpreters are those who are capable of translating a language other than Vietnamese into Vietnamese and vice versa in case competition legal proceeding participants cannot use Vietnamese. Interpreters may be requested to interpret by the investigation body for competition cases or the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case or selected by the complainant, the investigated party or a person with related interests and obligations or selected under the agreement of the involved parties and accepted by the investigation body for competition cases or the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case.
2. Interpreters have the following rights and obligations:
a/ To appear in response to the summonses;
b/ To interpret in an truthful, objective and accurate manner;
c/ To ask persons conducting competition legal proceedings and competition legal proceeding participants to explain the contents more clearly for interpretation;
d/ Not to contact other competition legal proceeding participants if such contact affects the truthfulness, objectivity and accuracy of the interpretation;
dd/ To be paid for other related expenses in accordance with law.
3. An interpreter shall refuse to participate in competition legal proceedings or be replaced in the following cases:
a/ He/she is the complainant, the investigated party, a person with related interests  and obligations or a relative thereof;
b/ He/she has participated in competition legal proceedings in the capacity as a defender of lawful rights and interests, a witness or an expert witness in the same competition case;
c/ There are explicit grounds to believe that he/she might be not impartial when performing his/her tasks.
4. This Article also applies to those who understand the signs given by competition legal proceeding participants who are hearing-impaired or speech-impaired. In case only representatives or relatives of competition legal proceeding participants who are hearing-impaired or speech-impaired can understand the latter’s signs, they may be accepted by the investigation body for competition cases or the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case to act as interpreters for the latter.
Article 72.
Persons with related interests and obligations
1. Persons with related interests and obligations are those with no complaints about the competition case and other than the investigated party but the settlement of the competition case is related to their interests or obligations so that they themselves may request or be requested by the complainant or investigated party and accepted by the investigation body for competition cases or the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case to act as persons with related interests or obligations in the legal proceedings or may be brought to the legal proceedings by the investigation body for competition cases or the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case as persons with related interests and obligations.
2. Persons with related interests and obligations may file independent claims or participate in competition legal proceedings on the side of the complainants or investigated parties.
Procedures for requesting independent claims by persons with related interests and obligations are similar to procedures for lodging complaints about competition cases.
3. Persons with related interests and obligations who file independent claims or participate in competition legal proceedings on the side of the complainants or persons with interests only have rights and obligations prescribed in Clauses 1 and 4, Article 67 of this Law.
4. Persons with related interests and obligations who participate in competition legal proceedings on the side of the investigated parties or persons with obligations only have the rights and obligations prescribed in Clauses 3 and 4, Article 67 of this Law.
Article 73.
Refusal of expert assessment, interpretation or request for replacement of expert witnesses or interpreters
The refusal of expert assessment or interpretation or request for replacement of expert witnesses or interpreters shall be made in writing, clearly stating the reasons.
Article 74.
Decision on replacement of expert witnesses or interpreters
1. The replacement of an expert witness or interpreter shall be decided by the head of the investigation body for competition cases, except the case specified in Clause 2 of this Article.
2. During the settlement of a competition restraint-related case, the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case shall decide on the replacement of an expert witness or interpreter.
If an expert witness or interpreter is to be replaced at a hearing, the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case shall issue a decision to postpone the hearing. The solicitation of another expert witness or the use of another interpreter must comply with Articles 70 and 71 of this Law.
Section 4
ORDER AND PROCEDURES FOR INVESTIGATION AND HANDLING OF COMPETITION CASES
Article 75.
Provision of information about acts of violation
1. Organizations and individuals detecting acts showing signs of violating the competition law shall notify and provide information and evidence to the National Competition Committee.
2. Organizations and individuals shall provide truthful information and evidence to the National Competition Committee.
3. If requested, the National Competition Committee shall apply necessary measures to keep confidential information about and the identity of providers of information and evidence.
Article 76.
Receipt, verification and assessment of information about acts of violation
1. The National Competition Committee shall receive, verify and assess information and evidence of acts showing signs of violation of the competition law provided by organizations and individuals.
2. The National Competition Committee may request the organizations and individuals specified in Clause 1, Article 75 of this Law to provide additional information and evidence to clarify acts of violation.
Article 77.
Complaints about competition cases
1. If an organization or individual believes that its/his/her lawful rights and interests are infringed upon by acts of violation of the competition law, he/she/it has the right to lodge complaints with the National Competition Committee.
2. The limitation period for lodging complaints is 3 years counting from the date the acts showing signs of violation of the competition law are committed.
3. A complaint file must comprise:
a/ A written complaint, made according to the form issued by the National Competition Committee;
b/ Evidence to prove that the contents of the complaint are well-grounded and lawful;
c/ Other relevant information and evidence believed by the complainant to be necessary for the settlement of the complaint.
4. The complainant shall bear responsibility for the truthfulness of information and evidence he/she has provided to the National Competition Committee.
Article 78.
Acceptance and examination of complaint files
1. Within 7 working days after receiving a complaint file, the National Competition Committee shall examine its completeness and validity; for a complete and valid complaint file, the National Competition Committee shall concurrently notify the complainant and the complainee of the acceptance thereof.
2. Within 15 days after issuing a written notice to the involved parties specified in Clause 1 of this Article, the National Competition Committee shall examine the complaint file; if the complaint file fails to satisfy the conditions specified in Clause 3, Article 77 of this Law, the National Competition Committee shall send a written request to the complainant for supplementation of the complaint file.
The time limit for supplementation of a complaint file is 30 days from the date of receipt of a written request for supplementation. The National Competition Committee may extend the time limit for supplementing a complaint file only once for 15 days at most at the request of the complainant.
3. Within the time limits specified in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article, the complainant may withdraw the complaint file and the National Competition Committee shall suspend the examination of the file.
Article 79.
Return of complaint files
The National Competition Committee shall return a file of complaint about the competition case in the following cases:
1. The limitation period has expired.
2. The complaint falls beyond its competence.
3. The complainant fails to fully supplement the file as specified in Clause 2, Article 78 of this Law.
4. The complainant withdraws his/her/its complaint file.
Article 80.
Decisions on investigation of competition cases
The head of the investigation body for competition cases shall issue a decision on investigation of a competition case in the following cases:
1. The complaint about the competition case satisfies the conditions specified in Article 77 of this Law and does not fall into any of the cases specified in Article 79 of this Law.
2. The National Competition Committee detects acts showing signs of violation of the competition law within 3 years after such acts are committed.
Article 81.
Time limits for investigation of competition cases
1. The time limit for investigation of a competition restraint-related case is 9 months after an investigation decision is issued; for complicated cases, this time limit may be extended only once for 3 months at most.
2. The time limit for investigation of violations of regulations on economic concentration is 90 days after an investigation decision is issued; for complicated cases, this time limit may be extended only once for 60 days at most.
3. The time limit for investigation of an unfair competition case is 60 days after an investigation decision is issued; for complicated cases, this time limit may be extended only once for 45 days at most.
4. The extension of the investigation time limit shall be notified to the investigated parties and involved parties at least 7 working days before the expiration of such time limit.
Article 82.
Application of measures to deter administrative violations in the investigation and handling of competition cases and ensure the handling thereof
1. During the investigation and handling of competition cases, the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee shall, within the ambit of his/her tasks and powers, request competent agencies to apply the following measures to deter administrative violations and ensure the handling thereof in accordance with the law on handling of administrative violations:
a/ Temporarily seizing evidence and violating vehicles, licenses and practice certificates;
b/ Searching vehicles and objects;
c/ Searching places where evidence and violating vehicles are hidden.
2. The Government shall prescribe the order and procedures for application of the measures to deter administrative violations in the investigation and handling of competition cases and ensure the handling thereof.
Article 83.
Taking of testimonies
1. An investigator of a competition case shall take testimonies of the complainant, investigated party, persons with related interests and obligations, witnesses and other related organizations and individuals to collect and verify information and evidence necessary for the settlement of the competition case.
2. Testimonies referred to in Clause 1 of this Article shall be taken at the office of the National Competition Committee. In case of necessity, testimonies may be taken outside the office of the National Competition Committee.
3. A written record of testimonies of a declarant shall be read by him/her again or read to him or her again and must have his/her signature or fingerprint on each page. The declarant may request writing of modifications and additions in the written record of testimonies and sign or press his/her fingerprint thereon for certification. The investigator and testimony writer shall sign on each page of the written record of testimonies.
4. If the declarant refuses to sign or press his/her fingerprint on the written record of his/her testimonies, the investigator of the competition case shall write such refusal on the written record together with the reason.
Article 84.
Summoning of witnesses during investigation
1. During the investigation, the parties may request the investigation body for competition cases to summon witnesses. The requesters are obliged to state the reasons for inviting witnesses for the investigation body for competition cases to make decision.
2. Witnesses’ testimonies shall be recorded in writing in accordance with Article 83 of this Law
Article 85.
Transfer of files in case acts showing criminal signs are detected
1. If criminal signs are detected in the course of investigation, the competition case investigators shall report them to the head of the investigation body for competition cases for consideration and decision to propose the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee to transfer part or the whole of the file involving criminal signs to a competent state agency for handling in accordance with law.
2. If determining that there are no grounds for initiating or deciding not to initiate a criminal case involving violations of competition regulations, the competent state agency shall return the file to the National Competition Committee for further investigation in accordance with this Law. The time limit of investigation shall be counted from the date the file is received back.
Article 86.
Cessation of investigation
The head of the investigation body for competition cases shall issue a decision to cease the investigation of a competition case in the following cases:
1. Evidence to prove acts of violation as specified in this Law cannot be collected during the investigation.
2. The complainant withdraws the complaint file and the investigated party’s commitment to stop the investigated act and application of consequence-remedying measures are accepted by the investigation body for competition cases.
3. In case of conducting an investigation under Clause 2, Article 80 of this Law, the investigated party’s commitment to stop the investigated act and application of consequence-remedying measures are accepted by the investigation body for competition cases.
Article 87.
Resumption of investigation
1. The head of the investigation body for competition cases shall resume the investigation by himself/herself or at the request of the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee or at the request of the related parties in the following cases:
a/ The investigated party makes no commitments or make improper or inadequate commitments as prescribed in Clauses 2 and 3, Article 86 of this Law;
b/ The investigated party’s commitment is accepted based on inadequate, inaccurate or false information provided by the related parties.
2. The time limit of investigation after a decision on resumption of the investigation is 4 months.
Article 88.
Investigation reports
1. After completing the investigation of a competition case, the investigator shall make an investigation report and submit it to the head of the investigation body for competition cases. The report must contain the following principal contents:
a/ A brief of the case;
b/ Determination of acts of violation;
c/ Verified circumstances and evidence;
d/ Proposed handling measures.
2. The head of the investigation body for competition cases shall make investigation conclusions and transfer the competition case file, investigation report and investigation conclusions to the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee for handling in accordance with this Law.
Article 89.
Handling of a case of violation of regulations on economic concentration
1. Within 30 days after receiving the case file and investigation report and conclusions, the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee shall issue one of the following decisions:
a/ To handle the case of violation of regulations on economic concentration;
b/ To request the investigation body for competition cases to conduct additional investigation if finding that the collected evidence is not enough for determining acts of violation of the competition law. The time limit for additional investigation is 30 days after the decision on additional investigation is issued;
c/ To suspend the settlement of the case of violation of regulations on economic concentration.
2. The time limit for additional investigation in the handling of a case of violation of regulations on economic concentration is 20 days after receiving the case file, and additional investigation report and conclusions.
Article 90.
Handling of an unfair competition case
1. Within 15 days after receiving the case file and investigation report and conclusions, the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee shall issue one of the following decisions:
a/ To handle the unfair competition case;
b/ To request the investigation body for competition cases to conduct additional investigation if finding that the collected evidence is not enough for determining acts of violation of the competition law. The time limit for additional investigation is 30 days after the decision on additional investigation is issued;
c/ To suspend the settlement of the unfair competition case.
2. The time limit for additional investigation in the handling of an unfair competition case is 10 days after receiving the case file and additional investigation report and conclusions.
Article 91.
Handling of a competition restraint-related case
1. Within 15 days after receiving the case file and investigation report and conclusions, the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee shall issue a decision to form a Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case.
2. Within 30 days after being formed, the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case may request the investigation body for competition cases to conduct additional investigation if finding that the collected evidence is not enough for determining acts of violation of the competition law. The time limit for additional investigation is 60 days after the request is made.
3. Within 60 days after being formed or receiving the additional investigation report and conclusions, the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case shall issue a decision to suspend the handling of the competition case under Article 92 of this Law or issue a competition case-handling decision under Article 94 of this Law.
4. Prior to the issuance of a decision to handle a competition restraint-related case, the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case shall open a hearing under Article 93 of this Law.
5. The Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case shall issue a decision to handle the competition restraint-related case by discussing, casting secret votes and making decision by majority vote.
Article 92.
Suspension of settlement of competition cases
1. The Chairperson of the National Competition Committee shall consider suspending the settlement of a case of violation of regulation on economic concentration or an unfair competition case when:
a/ The complainant withdraws the written complaint and the investigated party commits to stop its investigated act and apply consequence-remedying measures;
b/ If conducting investigation under Clause 2, Article 80 of this Law, the investigated party commits to stop its investigated act and apply consequence-remedying measures.
2. The Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case shall consider suspending the settlement of the competition restraint-related case when:
a/ The complainant withdraws the written complaint and the investigated party commits to stop its investigated act and apply consequence-remedying measures;
b/ If conducting investigation under Clause 2, Article 80 of this Law, the investigated party commits to stop its investigated act and apply consequence-remedying measures.
3. The decision to suspend the settlement of a competition case shall be sent to the complainant and investigated party and made public.
Article 93.
Hearings
1. At least 15 days before the expiration of the time limit specified in Clause 3, Article 91 of this Law, the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case shall open a hearing.
2. A hearing shall be held in public. If the contents of a hearing are related to state secrets or business secrets, the hearing shall be held behind closed doors.
3. The decision to open a hearing and summonses to appear at a hearing shall be sent to the complainant, investigated party and related organizations and individuals at least 5 working days before the opening of the hearing; if they are summoned by the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case but fail to appear at the hearing without plausible reasons or they have been duly summoned for the second time but fail to appear at the hearing, the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case may still proceed with the competition case under regulations.
4. Participants in a hearing include:
a/ Members of the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case;
b/ The complainant;
c/ The investigated party;
d/ Defenders of lawful rights and interests of the complainant and investigated party;
dd/ The head of the investigation body for competition cases and investigators who have investigated the competition case;
e/ The hearing’s clerk;
g/ Persons with related interests and obligations and other persons named in the decision to open the hearing.
5. At the hearing, the participants may present their opinions and arguments to defend their lawful rights and interests. Opinions and arguments presented at the hearing shall be recorded in writing
Article 94.
Competition case-handling decisions
1. A competition case-handling decision must contain the following principal contents:
a/ A brief of the case;
b/ Analysis of the case;
c/ Conclusion on the handling of the case.
2. A competition case-handling decision shall be handed to the related organizations and individuals within 5 working days after the date of its signing.
3. A competition case-handling decision may be delivered by one or more than one of the following methods:
a/ Directly;
b/ By post;
c/ Via an authorized third person.
4. If a competition case-handling decision cannot be delivered by one of the methods referred to in Clause 3 of this Article, it shall be publicly posted or announced in the mass media.
Article 95.
Effect of competition case-handling decisions
A competition case-handling decision will take effect on the date of the expiration of the time limit for lodging complaints specified in Article 96 of this Law; except the case specified in Clause 2, Article 99 of this Law.
Section 5
SETTLEMENT OF COMPLAINTS ABOUT COMPETITION CASE-HANDLING DECISIONS
Article 96.
Complaints about competition case-handling decisions
Within 30 days after receiving the competition case-handling decision, organizations or individuals that disagree with part or the whole of such decision may lodge complaints with the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee.
Article 97.
Written complaints about competition case-handling decisions
1. A written complaint about a competition case-handling decision must include:
a/ Date of its making;
b/ Name and address of the maker;
c/ Serial number and date of the complained competition case-handling decision;
d/ The reason for complaining and the complainant’s claim;
dd/ The signature and seal (if any) of the complainant.
2. A written complaint about a competition case-handling decision shall be enclosed with supplementary information and evidence (if any) to prove that the complaint is grounded and lawful.
Article 98.
Acceptance of written complaints about competition case-handling decisions
Within 10 days after receiving a written complaint about a competition case-handling decision, the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee shall accept the written complaint for settlement and notify such in writing to the complainant and other related parties named in the written complaint. In case of non-acceptance, it shall issue a written reply clearly stating the reason.
Article 99.
Consequences of complaints about competition case-handling decisions
1. The complained competition case-handling decision will continue to be executed, except the case referred to in Clause 2 of this Article.
2. In the course of settling a complaint, if finding that the execution of part or the whole of the complained competition case-handling decision causes consequences that are unlikely to be remedied, the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee shall issue a decision to suspend the execution of part or the whole of such decision. The suspension decision of the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee will cease to be effective on the effective date of the decision to settle the complaint about the competition case-handling decision.
Article 100.
Settlement of complaints about competition case-handling decisions
1. The settlement of a complaint about a competition case-handling decision is prescribed as follows:
a/ Within 5 working days after accepting a written complaint, the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee shall decide to form a Council for settlement of complaints about the competition case-handling decision which must be composed of the Chairperson and all other members of the National Competition Committee, excluding those who have joined the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case;
b/ The issuance of a complaint settlement decision must involve at least two-thirds of total members of the complaint settlement council.
A complaint settlement decision shall be adopted by majority vote; in case the numbers of votes for and votes against are equal, the decision shall be made according to the opinion of the complaint settlement council’s chairperson;
c/ The time limit for settling a complaint is 30 days after the issuance of the decision to form the complaint settlement council.
2. The settlement of complaints about cases of violation of regulations on economic concentration and unfair competition is prescribed as follows:
a/ After accepting a written complaint, the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee shall settle the complaint according to his/her competence;
b/ The time limit for settling a complaint is 30 days after it is accepted.
3. For complicated cases, the time limit for settling a complaint referred to in Clause 1 or 2 of this Article may be extended but must not exceed 45 days.
Article 101.
Decisions to settle complaints about competition case-handling decisions
1. To uphold the competition case-handling decision.
2. To modify part or the whole of the competition case-handling decision.
3. To annul the competition case-handling decision for re-settlement in the following cases:
a/ The composition of the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case contravenes this Law;
b/ Serious violations of competition legal proceedings are committed;
c/ There is a new circumstance which is likely to substantially change the competition case-handling decision and cannot be known in the course of investigation and handling of the competition case.
4. In case the competition case-handling decision is annulled under Clause 3 of this Article, the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee shall handover the file to the investigation body for competition cases or form the Council for handling the competition restraint-related case in accordance with this Law. Members of the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case and investigators who commit violations specified at Point a or b, Clause 3 of this Article may not continue to participate in the investigation and handling of this case.
Article 102.
Effect of complaint settlement decisions
1. The decision to settle complaints about a competition case-handling decision takes effect on the date of its signing.
2.  Within 5 working days after the date of its signing, the decision to settle complaints about a competition case-handling decision shall be sent to related organizations and individuals for implementation.
Article 103.
Initiation of lawsuits against complaint settlement decisions
1. In case of disagreeing with the decision to settle complaints about a competition case-handling decision, organizations and individuals may initiate a lawsuit against part or the whole of contents of such decision at a competent court in accordance with the Law on Administrative Procedures within 30 days after receiving such decision.
2. In case the court accepts the written lawsuit referred to in Clause 1 of this Article, the National Competition Committee shall transfer the competition case file to the court within 10 days after receiving the court’s request.
Section 6
DISCLOSURE OF THE NATIONAL COMPETITION COMMITTEE’S DECISIONS
Article 104.
Decisions to be disclosed
1. The following decisions shall be disclosed, excluding the contents specified in Article 105 of this Law:
a/ Decision on grant of exemption for a prohibited cartel;
b/ Decision on economic concentration;
c/ Competition case-handling decision;
d/ Decision to suspend the settlement of a competition case;
dd/ Decision to settle complaints about a competition case-handling decision.
2. The National Competition Committee shall disclose the decisions specified in Clause 1 of this Article after such decisions take legal effect.
Article 105.
Contents not to be disclosed
The Chairperson of the National Competition Committee shall decide not to disclose contents related to state secrets or business secrets of enterprises in the decisions specified in Clause 1, Article 104 of this Law.
Article 106.
Posting of contents of decisions to be disclosed
The contents permitted for disclosure in the decisions specified in Clause 1, Article 104 of this Law shall be posted on the National Competition Committee’s website for 90 consecutive days after the effective date of such decisions.
Article 107.
Disclosure and posting of reports on annual operation results of the National Competition Committee
The National Competition Committee shall disclose and post reports on its annual operation results on its website.
Section 7
INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION IN COMPETITION LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Article 108.
International cooperation in competition legal proceedings
1. The National Competition Committee may cooperate with foreign competition agencies in the process of carrying out competition legal proceedings in order to timely detect, investigate and handle acts showing signs of violation of the competition law.
2. The scope of international cooperation in competition legal proceedings covers consultation, exchange of information and documents and other suitable international cooperation activities in conformity with Vietnam’s laws and treaties to which the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is a contracting party.
Article 109.
Principles of international cooperation in competition legal proceedings
1. International cooperation in competition legal proceedings shall be implemented based on the principles of respect for each other’s independence, sovereignty and national territorial integrity, non-interference into each other’s internal affairs, and equality and mutual benefit in conformity with Vietnam’s Constitution and laws and treaties to which the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is a contracting party.
2. In case the Socialist Republic of Vietnam has not yet signed or acceded to a relevant treaty, international cooperation in competition legal proceedings shall be implemented on the principle of reciprocity but must not contravene Vietnam’s Constitution and laws and must conform with international law and practices.
Chapter IX
HANDLING OF VIOLATIONS OF THE COMPETITION LAW
Article 110.
Principles and forms of handling of violations of the competition law and consequence-remedying measures
1. Violators of the competition law shall, depending on the nature and severity of their violations, be disciplined, be administratively handled or examined for penal liability; if causing damage to the interests of the State, or lawful rights and interests of other organizations or individuals, they shall pay compensation in accordance with law.
2. For each violation of the competition law, a violator shall be subject to one of the following principal sanctions:
a/ Warning;
b/ Fine.
3. Depending on the nature and severity of its/his/her violation, a violator of the competition law may be subject to one or more than one of the following additional sanctions:
a/ Revocation of the enterprise registration certificate or paper of equivalent validity, deprivation of licenses and practicing certificates;
b/ Confiscation of exhibits and vehicles used for the commission of the violation;
c/ Confiscation of profits earned from the commission of the violation.
4. In addition to the sanctions prescribed in Clauses 2 and 3 of this Article, a violator of the competition law may be subject to the application of one or more than one of the following consequence-remedying measures:
a/ To restructure the enterprise having abused its dominant market position or monopoly position;
b/ To remove illegal provisions from the business contracts, agreements or transactions;
c/ To divide, split or resell part or the whole of the contributed capital amount and assets of the enterprise formed after economic concentration;
d/ To be subject to the competent state agencies’ control of purchase or sale prices of goods and services or other transaction conditions of contracts of the enterprise formed after economic concentration;
dd/ To make public corrections;
e/ Other necessary measures to overcome impacts of the violation.
5. The Government shall prescribe in detail forms of handling of and measures to remedy consequences of each violation of the competition law.
Article 111.
Fines imposed on violation of the competition law
1. The maximum fine level applicable to acts of violating the regulations on cartels, or abuse of dominant market position or monopoly position is 10% of the total turnover earned by the violating enterprise in a relevant market in the fiscal year preceding the year when the act is committed, but must be lower than the minimum fine level imposed on other acts of violation prescribed in the Penal Code.
2. The maximum fine level applicable to acts of violating the regulations on economic concentration is 5% of the total turnover earned by the violating enterprise in a relevant market in the fiscal year preceding the year when the act is committed.
3. The maximum fine level applicable to acts of violating the regulations on unfair competition is VND 2 billion.
4. The maximum fine level applicable to other acts of violating the provisions of this Law is VND 200 million.
5. The maximum fine levels specified in Clauses 1, 2, 3 and 4 of this Article shall be imposed on acts of violation committed by organizations; for the same acts of violation committed by individuals, the maximum fine level applicable to such acts shall be equal to half of that applicable to organizations.
6. The Government shall prescribe in detail fines applicable to acts of violation specified in this Law.
Article 112
. Leniency policy
1. Enterprises voluntarily declaring and assisting the National Competition Committee in detecting, investigating and handling prohibited cartels specified in Article 12 of this Law are entitled to exemption from or reduction of fines according to the leniency policy.
2. The Chairperson of the National Competition Committee shall decide on the exemption or reduction of fines according to the leniency policy.
3. The exemption from or reduction of fines referred to in Clause 1 of this Article shall be applied when the following conditions are fully satisfied:
a/ Having acted or currently acting as a party to a cartel specified in Article 11 of this Law;
b/ Voluntarily reporting acts of violation before a competent agency issues an investigation decision;
c/ Truthfully declaring and providing information and evidence of violation in its possession that are of considerable value for the detection, investigation and handling of acts of violation;
d/ Fully cooperating with competent agencies throughout the course of investigation and handling of acts of violation.
4. The provisions of Clause 1 of this Article shall not be applied to enterprises that have a role of coercing or organizing the participation in cartels for other enterprises.
5. The leniency policy shall be applied to no more than 3 first enterprises submitting their written petitions for leniency to the National Competition Committee and fully satisfying the conditions specified in Clause 3 of this Article.
6. Grounds for determining enterprises eligible for leniency are prescribed as follows:
a/ Order of declaration;
b/ Time of declaration;
c/ The truthfulness and value of the provided information and evidence;
7. The exemption or reduction of fines is prescribed as follows:
a/ The first enterprise submitting its written petition for leniency and fully satisfying the conditions specified in Clause 3 of this Article shall be totally exempted from the fines;
b/ The second and third enterprises submitting their written petitions for leniency and fully satisfying the conditions specified in Clause 3 of this Article shall be entitled to a reduction of 60% and 40% of fines, respectively.
Article 113.
Competence and forms of handling of violations of the competition law
1. In case a state agency performs an act of violation specified in Clause 1, Article 8 of this Law, the National Competition Committee shall request the state agency to stop its act and apply remedial measures. The requested state agency shall stop its acts, address the consequences and compensate for the damage in accordance with law.
2. If an organization or individual commits a prohibited act specified in Clause 2, Article 8 of this Law, the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee, the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case has the following powers:
a/ To impose caution;
b/ To impose fines specified in Clause 4, Article 111 of this Law;
c/ To apply the measures specified at Points b and c, Clause 3, and Points dd and e, Clause 4, Article 110 of this Law;
d/ To request competent state agencies to apply the measure specified at Point a, Clause 3, Article 110 of this Law.
3. For acts of violating regulations on cartels and abuse of dominant market position or monopoly position, the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case has the following powers:
a/ To impose caution;
b/ To impose fines specified in Clause 1, Article 111 of this Law;
c/ To apply the measures specified at Points b and c, Clause 3, and Points a, b, d, dd and e, Clause 4, Article 110 of this Law;
d/ To request competent state agencies to apply the measures specified at Point a, Clause 3, and Point a, Clause 4, Article 110 of this Law.
4. For acts of violating regulations on economic concentration, the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee has the following powers:
a/ To impose caution;
b/ To impose fines specified in Clause 2, Article 111 of this Law;
c/ To apply the measures specified at Points b and c, Clause 3, and Points a, c, d and e, Clause 4, Article 110 of this Law;
d/ To request competent state agencies to apply the measures specified at Point a, Clause 3, and Point a, Clause 4, Article 110 of this Law.
5. For acts of violating regulations on unfair competition and other acts of violation as prescribed by this Law other than those specified in Clauses 1, 2, 3 and 4 of this Article, the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee has the following powers:
a/ To impose caution;
b/ To impose fines specified in Clauses 3 and 4, Article 111 of this Law;
c/ To apply the measures specified at Points b and c, Clause 3, and Points dd and e, Clause 4, Article 110 of this Law;
d/ To request competent state agencies to apply the measure specified at Point a, Clause 3, Article 110 of this Law.
6. The acts specified in Clause 7, Article 45 of this Law shall be handled in accordance with other relevant laws.
Article 114.
Enforcement of competition case-handling decisions
1. After fifteen days from the effective date of the competition case-handling decision, if the party obliged to comply with such decision fails to voluntarily comply with the decision, the party in favor of which the competition case-handling decision is issued and the National Competition Committee may request competent state agencies to organize the enforcement of the decision.
2. If the competition case-handling decision is related to property of the party obliged to comply with the decision, the National Competition Committee may request the competent civil judgment enforcement body to organize the enforcement of the decision.
Article 115.
Enforcement of decisions to settle complaints about competition case-handling decisions
1. After fifteen days from the effective date of a decision to settle complaints about a competition case-handling decision, if the party obliged to comply with such decision fails to voluntarily comply with the decision or does not initiate a lawsuit against such decision at a court as specified in Article 103 of this Law, the party in favor of which the decision is issued and the National Competition Committee may request a competent state agency to organize the enforcement of the decision.
2. If the decision to settle complaints about a competition case-handling decision is related to property of the party obliged to comply with the decision, the National Competition Committee may request a competent civil judgment enforcement body to organize the enforcement of the decision.
Chapter X
IMPLEMENTATION PROVISIONS
Article 116.
Amendment, supplementation and annulment of provisions in a number of other laws
1. To amend and supplement a number of articles of Law No. 26/2008/QH12 on Enforcement of Civil Judgments which was amended and supplemented under Law No. 64/2014/QH13 as follows:
a/ To replace the phrase “a competition case-handling decision of the competition case-handling council” in Article 1; at Point e, Clause 2, Article 35; and at Point a, Clause 1, Article 56, with the phrase “a competition case-handling decision of the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee or the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case, or a decision to settle complaints about the competition case-handling decision of the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee or the Council for settlement of complaints about the competition case-handling decision”;
b/ To replace the phrase “the competition case-handling council” in Articles 26 and 27 with the phrase “the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee, the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case, or the Council for settlement of complaints about the competition case-handling decision”;
c/ To amend and supplement Point dd, Clause 1, Article 2 as follows:
“dd/ A competition case-handling decision of the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee or the Council for handling of the competition restraint-related case, a decision to settle complaints about the competition case-handling decision of the Chairperson of the National Competition Committee or the Council for settlement of complaints about a competition case-handling decision which, within 15 days after the effective date of such decisions, the involved parties neither voluntarily comply with nor initiate a lawsuit at the court;”.
2. To annul Clause 6, Article 19 of Law No. 41/2009/QH12 on Telecommunications.
3. To annul Point 4.1, Sub-Section 4, Section II, Part A in Appendix 01 to Law No. 97/2015/QH13 on Charges and Fees.
Article 117.
Effect
1. This Law takes effect on July 1, 2019.
2. Competition Law No. 27/2004/QH11 ceases to be effective on the date this Law takes effect.
Article 118.
Transitional provisions
From the effective date of this Law, acts of violating the competition law as prescribed in Competition Law No. 27/2004/QH11 shall be considered and settled as follows:
1. For acts being investigated or handled which are determined not to be in violation of this Law, their investigation and handling shall be terminated;
2. For acts being investigated or handled or related to the settlement of complaints about competition case-handling decisions which are determined to be in violation of this Law, the investigation or handling of such acts or settlement of complaints shall be further conducted. If the form of handling or the fine level applied to such acts under this Law is higher than that prescribed in Competition Law No. 27/2004/QH11, the provisions of Competition Law No. 27/2004/QH11 shall prevail.
This Law was passed on June 12, 2018, by the XIV
th
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam at its 5
th
session.-
Chairwoman of the National Assembly
NGUYEN THI KIM NGAN
[1]
Công Báo Nos 773-774 (12/7/2018)
[2]
Công Báo Nos 773-774 (12/7/2018)
This feature is available to
English
or
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Processing, please wait...
You are not logged in.
This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to access detailed information on Related documents.
If you do not have an account, please
register here!
Processing, please wait...
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
VIETNAMESE DOCUMENTS
Competition Law, Law No. 23/2018/QH14 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
ENGLISH DOCUMENTS
Official Gazette
Competition Law, Law No. 23/2018/QH14 (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Competition Law, Law No. 23/2018/QH14 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
* Note:
To view documents downloaded from LuatVietnam.vn, please install DOC, DOCX and PDF file readers
For further support, please call
19006192
Circular 100/2026/TT-BTC repealing 06 Circulars issued by Minister of Finance
Decree 278/2026/ND-CP amend Decree 72/2025/ND-CP on mechanism and time frame for adjusting the average electricity retail price
Circular 30/2026/TT-BYT contents of nutrition facts labels and method of nutrition facts labeling of food
Circular 32/2026/TT-NHNN provision of loans by credit institutions and foreign bank branches for offshore investment
Circular 56/2026/TT-BXD working time and rest time for workers performing jobs of special characteristics at sea
Log in
Register
Remember
Forgot password
Log in
Or log in via
* Required information
Username
Email
*
Password
*
Confirm Password
*
I agree to the
Terms & Conditions
and
Personal Data Protection Policy
of LuatVietnam
Register
Forgot password
Enter your account name to recover your password.
Send
Select folder
+ Add folder
Save
Back
Add folder
Bilingual Text
Nội dung tham chiếu