Decree No. 21/2021/ND-CP detailing the implementation of the Civil Code’s provisions on security for performance of obligations
Home
Legal Normative Documents
New documents
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
News
Services
Available translation
On-demand translation
Vietnamese
Home
Legal Normative Documents
Civil law
Search
Advanced Search
Advanced search for legal documents
Filter by
Reset
Types of documents
Law
Ordinance
Decree
Decision
Circular
Joint Circular
Resolution
Directive
Official Dispatch
Regulation
Instruction
Notice
Order
Official Telegram
Plan
Report
Code
Consolidated Text
Convention
Agreement
Treaty
Protocol
Agreement
Treaty
Issuing bodies
Committee for Physical Trainning and Sports
Committee for Population, Family and Children
Council of Ministers
Department of Hanoi public health care
General Department of Customs
General Department of Forestry
General Department of Land Administration
General Department of Post and Telecommunications
General Department of Statistics
General Department of Taxation
General Department of Tourism
Government
Government Commission for Organizational Personnel
Government Committee for Prices
Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
Ministry of Aquatic Products
Ministry of Construction
Ministry of Culture - Information
Ministry of Culture and Information
Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism
Ministry of Education and Training
Ministry of Finance
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Health
Ministry of Home Affairs
Ministry of Industry
Ministry of Industry and Trade
Ministry of Information and Communications
Ministry of Justice
Ministry of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs
Ministry of National Defence
Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment
Ministry of Planning and Investment
Ministry of Post and Telecommunications
Ministry of Public Security
Ministry of Science and Technology
Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment
Ministry of Trade
Ministry of Transport
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
National Assembly Standing Committee
National Committee for International Economic Co-operation
National Committee for Population and Family Planning
Office of the Government
Office of the National Assembly
People' Committee of Ho Chi Minh City
People's Committee of Hanoi
People's Supereme Court
People's Supereme Procuracy
Political Bureau
Prime Minister
Socialist Republic of Vietnam
State Bank
State Bank of Vietnam
State Committee for Co-operation and Investment (SCCI)
State Committee for Ethnic Minorities and Mountainous Areas
State Committee for Planning
State Council
State Securities Commission
The Ethnic Minority Committee
The Judges's Council of the Supreme People's Court
The President
Vietnam Labor General Confederation
Vietnam Social Security
Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee
All fields
Culture - Sports - Tourism
Information - Communications
Agriculture - Forestry
Natural Resources - Environment
Justice
Criminal
Civil law
Marriage and family
Electricity
Bidding - Competition
Appeal - Accuse
Press - Television
Insurance
Emulation - Commendation - Discipline
Administrative border
Commerce - Advertising
Food and drug
Saving - Anti-corruption
National Security
Cadres - Civil Servants
Residence - Population
Immigration
Accounting - Audit
Securities
Navigation
Aquatic products
National defence
Intellectual property
Transport
Administration
Administrative violation
Policy
Enterprise
Organizational structure
Others
Customs
Construction
Science - Technology
Industry
Foreign affairs
Health
Public order
Labor - Salary
Export - Import
Education - Training - Vocational training
Tax - Fee - Charge
Land - Housing
Finance - Banking
Investment
Effect status
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Signers
Abdellatif Ouahbi
Abdelwaheb Abdallah
Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdullah Ali Abdullah Al Yahaya
Abdullah bin Sultan bin Awad Al Nuaimi
Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan
Adisai Bodharamik
Alastair Goodlad
Amaret Sila_on
Amnuay Viravan
Andre Ouellet
Andrew S.Natsisos
Ang Vong Vathana
Anna Lindstedt
Arifin M. Siregar
Au Anh Tuan
B.G (NS) George Yong-Boon Yeo
Bac-ba-ra Su-ma-nop-xka
Bach Thi Minh Huyen
Banh Tien Long
Battsetseg Batmunkh
Be-a-ta Xo-ten-mac
Berkesi Laszlos
Bernard K.Mambe
Bhuvesh Chaturvedi
Brain Cowen
Bui Anh Tuan
Bui Ba Bong
Bui Cach Tuyen
Bui Hong Linh
Bui Hong Minh
Bui Huu Toan
Bui Manh Cuong
Bui Manh Hai
Bui Nguyen Long
Bui Pham Khanh
Bui Quang Vinh
Bui Thanh Son
Bui The Duy
Bui Thi Quynh Van
Bui Thien Ngo
Bui Van Cuong
Bui Van Ga
Bui Van Khang
Bui Van Nam
Bui Van Suong
Bui Xuan Cuong
Bui Xuan Dung
Bui Xuan Khu
Bui Xuan Minh
Bui Xuan Son
Cao Anh Tuan
Cao Duc Phat
Cao Lai Quang
Cao Minh Quang
Cao Quoc Hung
Cao Si Kiem
Cao Viet Sinh
Caryn R. McClelland
Cear V.Purisma
Cecilia Piccioni
Cham Nimul
Cham Pradidh
Cham Prasidh
Chan Sek Keong
Charlotte Laursen
Chau Hue Cam
Chou Vichith
Chu Hao
Chu Ngoc Anh
Chu Pham Ngoc Hien
Chu Tuan Cap
Chu Tuan Nha
Chu Van Nguyen
Chu Van Thinh
Chu Xuan Dung
Commodore(Ns) Teo Chee Hean
Cristian Barros
Cu Ngoc Oanh
Dam Huu Dac
Dam Thi Hoa
Dang cap nhat
Dang Dinh Lam
Dang Dinh Luu
Dang Hanh Thu
Dang Hoang An
Dang Hong Nam
Dang Hung Vo
Dang Huu
Dang Huy Dong
Dang Huynh Mai
Dang Nghiem Chinh
Dang Ngoc Minh
Dang Ngoc Tung
Dang Nhu Loi
Dang Quang Phuong
Dang Quoc Tien
Dang Son Tung
Dang Thanh Binh
Dang Thi Bich Lien
Dang Thi Binh An
Dang Van Tao
Dang Van Tin
Dang Vu Chu
Daniel Tomlinson
Dao Dinh Binh
Dao Hong Lan
Dao Minh Tu
Dao Ngoc Dung
Dao Xuan Hoc
Da-So-Gan-Bon-Do
Dato’ Seri Paduka Haji Kifrawi
DATO’ SRI ONG TEE KEAT
Dick Kling
Diep Kinh Tan
Diep Kinh Tan
Dinh Anh Tuan
Dinh Huu Phi
Dinh La Thang
Dinh Ngoc Thang
Dinh Quang Ngu
Dinh Tien Dung
Dinh Trung Tung
Dinh Van Nha
Dinh Viet Son
Dlamini Zuma
Do Duc Duy
Do Duc Tien
Do Hai Dung
Do Hoang Anh Tuan
Do Huu Hao
Do Ngoc Huynh
Do Nguyen Phuong
Do Nhu Dinh
Do Quang Trung
Do Que Luong
Do Qui Doan
Do Quoc Sam
Do Quy Doan
Do Quy Doan
Do Thang Hai
Do Thanh Binh
Do Thi Xuan Phuong
Do Trung Ta
Do Van Dong
Do Van Sinh
Do Xuan Tuyen
Doan Hoang Minh
Doan Hong Phong
Doan Manh Giao
Doan Mau Diep
Doan Thai Son
Doan Van Viet
Doan Xuan Hung
Doan Xuan Toan
Duong Anh Duc
Duong Duc Tuan
Duong Gia Trien
Duong Quoc Anh
Duong Thu Huong
Duong Tri Dung
Ephraim Ben Matityau
Erik Derycke
Evgeny Shestakov
George Vella
Gia Tan Dinh
Giang Seo Phu
H. A.F.M.O van Mierlo
Ha Cong Tuan
Ha Hung
Ha Hung Cuong
Haike Manning
Hans Winkler
Hirofumi Nakasone
Ho Anh Tuan
Ho Dieu Bang
Ho Duc Phoc
Ho Huan Nghiem
Ho Nghia Dung
Ho Quoc Dung
Ho Te
Ho Thi Kim Thoa
Ho Xuan Hung
Hoang Cong Dung
Hoang Manh Hien
Hoang Minh Duc
Hoang Minh Hao
Hoang Minh Son
Hoang Minh Tuan Anh
Hoang Nghia Mai
Hoang Quoc Vuong
Hoang Quy
Hoang Sy Thanh
Hoang The Lien
Hoang Thi Ha Giang
Hoang Thi Tuyet Hoa
Hoang Trung
Hoang Trung Hai
Hoang Tuan Anh
Hoang Van Huay
Hoang Van Nghien
Hoang Van Phong
Hoang Van Thang
Hoang Viet Cuong
Hoang Vu Thanh
Hon. Robert Debus
HOR Namhong
Hu Cha-Chi
Hua Duc Nhi
Huynh Huu Phuc
Huynh Ngoc Thanh
Huynh Phong Tranh
Huynh Quang Hai
Huynh Thi Nhan
Huynh Vinh Ai
Jack Straw
Jan Vapaavuori
Joaquim Verissimo
John C Tsang
John Sydney Dawkins
Joseisidro N.Camacho
JUSMAN SYAFII DJAMAL
Kham Ouane Boupha
Khong co
Khuat Van Nga
KRASIMIR TSIPOV
Kwon Jong-rak
La Ngoc Khue
Lai Quang Thuc
Lam Thi Phuong Thanh
LASZLO TROCSANYI
Le Anh Tuan
Le Bach Hong
Le Chiem
Le Cong Phung
Le Cong Thanh
Le Danh Vinh
Le Dinh Tho
Le Dinh Tien
Le Doan Hop
Le Duc Anh
Le Duc Luan
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duong Quang
Le Duy Dong
Le Hoa Binh
Le Hoai Trung
Le Hong Anh
Le Hong Hai
Le Hong Nam
Le Hong Nga
Le Hong Son
Le Hung Son
Le Huy Con
Le Huy Ngo
Le Huy Vinh
Le Manh Hung
Le Minh Hoan
Le Minh Hung
Le Minh Huong
Le Minh Khai
Le Minh Ngan
Le Minh Tri
Le Nam Thang
Le Ngoc Hoan
Le Ngoc Trong
Le Quan
Le Quang Cuong
Le Quang Hung
Le Quang Tung
Le Quoc Doanh
Le Quoc Dung
Le Quoc Hung
Le Quoc Khanh
Le Quy Vuong
Le Quy Vuong
Le Tan Can
Le Tan Dung
Le Thanh Do
Le Thanh Liem
Le Thanh Long
Le Thanh Nghi
Le The Tiem
Le Thi Bang Tam
Le Thi Bich Thuan
Le Thi Thu Hang
Le Trung Chinh
Le Van Bang
Le Van Chau
Le Van Khoa
Le Van Tan
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Toan
Le Van Triet
Le Van Truyen
Le Van Tuyen
Le Van Uyen
Le Viet Dung
Le Vinh Tan
Le Vu Hung
Le Xuan Dinh
Le Xuan Trinh
LEANDRO R. MENDOZA
Lee Hsien Long
Lim Hng Kiang
Lim Jock Seng
Lo Thi Nhu
Luong Cuong
Luong Le Phuong
Luong Quoc Dung
Luong Tam Quang
Luong Thi Toi
Luong Van Tu
Luu Chan Dan
Luu Duc Huy
Luu Duc Sau
Luu Duc Tuyen
Luu Manh Tuong
Luu Tran Tieu
Macabangkit Lanto
Mai Ai Truc
Mai Liem Truc
Mai Luong Khoi
Mai Son
Mai Thi Thu Van
Mai Tien Dung
Mai Van Chinh
Mai Van Dau
Mai Xuan Thanh
MAJOR GENERAL THEIN SWE
Manuel M. Dayrit
Marcy Claudio Lopes
Mari Elka Pangestu
Maria Esther Reus Gonzalez
Martin Malvy
Maxim Alexandrovich Travnikov
MICHAEL KEENAN
Michael O. Leavitt
Miguel Angel Moratinos Cuyaube
Miguel Marin Bosch
Mike Penning
Mikulas BEK
Mingkwan Songsuwan
Mohammad Maruf
Muhyiddin Bin Mohammad Yassin
N.Ba-ga-Ban-di
NA-DA MA-LA-GOA-RA-CHI
Nam Viyaketh
Ngo Duy Hieu
Ngo Hai Phan
Ngo The Dan
Ngo Thi Kim Yen
Ngo Thi Minh
Ngo Xuan Hue
Ngo Xuan Lich
Ngo Xuan Loc
Nguen Hoang Tuan
Nguyen An Luong
Nguyen Anh Tuan
Nguyen Ba Hoan
Nguyen Bac Hai
Nguyen Bac Son
Nguyen Bich Dat
Nguyen Cam Tu
Nguyen Cao Luc
Nguyen Chi Dung
Nguyen Cong Binh
Nguyen Cong Dan
Nguyen Cong Nghiep
Nguyen Cong Su
Nguyen Cong Tan
Nguyen Cong Thanh
Nguyen Dai Thanh
Nguyen Dai Tri
Nguyen Danh Huy
Nguyen Danh Thai
Nguyen Dinh Bin
Nguyen Dinh Bong
Nguyen Dinh Khang
Nguyen Dinh Lieu
Nguyen Dinh Loc
Nguyen Dinh Toan
Nguyen Dong Tien
Nguyen Duc Chi
Nguyen Duc Chinh
Nguyen Duc Chung
Nguyen Duc Huy
Nguyen Duc Minh
Nguyen Duc Quang
Nguyen Duc Tam
Nguyen Duong Thai
Nguyen Duy Giang
Nguyen Duy Lam
Nguyen Duy Minh
Nguyen Duy Ngoc
Nguyen Duy Nien
Nguyen Duy Thang
Nguyen Dy Nien
Nguyen Hai Phong
Nguyen Hanh Phuc
Nguyen Hoa Binh
Nguyen Hoang Anh
Nguyen Hoang Hiep
Nguyen Hoang Long
Nguyen Hong Dien
Nguyen Hong Nhi
Nguyen Hong Quan
Nguyen Hong Truong
Nguyen Huu Chi
Nguyen Huu Do
Nguyen Huu Hoai
Nguyen Huu Hung
Nguyen Huu Nghiep
Nguyen Huu Tan
Nguyen Huu Tri
Nguyen Huu Vu
Nguyen Huy Ban
Nguyen Huy Dung
Nguyen Huy Hieu
Nguyen Huy Hoan
Nguyen Huy Luan
Nguyen Huy Tien
Nguyen Huy Tuong
Nguyen Khac Dinh
Nguyen Khanh
Nguyen Khanh Ngoc
Nguyen Khanh Toan
Nguyen Khoa Diem
Nguyen Kim Anh
Nguyen Kim Ly
Nguyen Kim Son
Nguyen Ky Cam
Nguyen Linh Ngoc
Nguyen Loc An
Nguyen Luong Trao
Nguyen Mai
Nguyen Manh Cam
Nguyen Manh Dong
Nguyen Manh Ha
Nguyen Manh Hien
Nguyen Manh Hung
Nguyen Manh Khuong
Nguyen Manh Kiem
Nguyen Minh Hien
Nguyen Minh Hong
Nguyen Minh Quang
Nguyen Minh Thao
Nguyen Minh Thong
Nguyen Minh Triet
Nguyen Minh Tuan
Nguyen Minh Vu
Nguyen Nam Binh
Nguyen Nam Hai
Nguyen Ngoc Bao
Nguyen Ngoc Canh
Nguyen Ngoc Dong
Nguyen Ngoc Hien
Nguyen Ngoc Hong
Nguyen Ngoc Lan
Nguyen Ngoc Phi
Nguyen Ngoc Thien
Nguyen Ngoc Tuan
Nguyen Ngoc Tuc
Nguyen Ngoc Vinh
Nguyen Nhac
Nguyen Nhat
Nguyen Nhat Kha
Nguyen Phu Binh
Nguyen Phu Trong
Nguyen Phuoc Thanh
Nguyen Phuong Nga
Nguyen Quan
Nguyen Quang Dung
Nguyen Quang Ha
Nguyen Quang Huy
Nguyen Que Huong
Nguyen Quoc Dung
Nguyen Quoc Huy
Nguyen Quoc Thanh
Nguyen Quoc Tri
Nguyen Quoc Trieu
Nguyen Sinh Hung
Nguyen Sinh Nhat Tan
Nguyen Son
Nguyen Sy Hiep
Nguyen Tam Chien
Nguyen Tan Dung
Nguyen Tan Trinh
Nguyen Tan Van
Nguyen Thac Giap
Nguyen Thai Binh
Nguyen Thai Duong
Nguyen Thai Lai
Nguyen Thanh
Nguyen Thanh Bien
Nguyen Thanh Cung
Nguyen Thanh Hoa
Nguyen Thanh Hung
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Long
Nguyen Thanh Nghi
Nguyen Thanh Phong
Nguyen Thanh Son
Nguyen Thanh Tinh
Nguyen The Manh
Nguyen The Phuong
Nguyen Thi Bich Ngoc
Nguyen Thi Cuc
Nguyen Thi Ha
Nguyen Thi Hang
Nguyen Thi Hanh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Anh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Lan
Nguyen Thi Hong
Nguyen Thi Hong Minh
Nguyen Thi Huong Lan
Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan
Nguyen Thi Kim Phung
Nguyen Thi Kim Tien
Nguyen Thi Le
Nguyen Thi Le Thanh
Nguyen Thi Lien Huong
Nguyen Thi Minh
Nguyen Thi Minh Nguyet
Nguyen Thi Nghia
Nguyen Thi Phuong Hoa
Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong
Nguyen Thi Thu
Nguyen Thi Thu Phuong
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Xuan Thu
Nguyen Thi Xuyen
Nguyen Thien Luan
Nguyen Thien Nhan
Nguyen Thuy Hien
Nguyen Tien Dinh
Nguyen Tien Dung
Nguyen Tien Hong
Nguyen Tien Sam
Nguyen Tien Trung
Nguyen Tien Truong
Nguyen Toan Thang
Nguyen Tran Nam
Nguyen Tri Thuc
Nguyen Tri Tue
Nguyen Trong Dam
Nguyen Trong Dieu
Nguyen Trong Du
Nguyen Trung Khanh
Nguyen Trung Kien
Nguyen Truong Son
Nguyen Tuong Van
Nguyen Van An
Nguyen Van Binh
Nguyen Van Cam
Nguyen Van Can
Nguyen Van Chi
Nguyen Van Cong
Nguyen Van Dang
Nguyen Van Duc
Nguyen Van Duoc
Nguyen Van Giau
Nguyen Van Hien
Nguyen Van Hieu
Nguyen Van Hoi
Nguyen Van Hong
Nguyen Van Hung
Nguyen Van Huong
Nguyen Van Khai
Nguyen Van Lien
Nguyen Van Long
Nguyen Van Nen
Nguyen Van Nganh
Nguyen Van Ngu
Nguyen Van Phuc
Nguyen Van Phung
Nguyen Van Rinh
Nguyen Van San
Nguyen Van Sanh
Nguyen Van Sinh
Nguyen Van Suu
Nguyen Van Thang
Nguyen Van Thanh
Nguyen Van The
Nguyen Van Tho
Nguyen Van Thuong
Nguyen Van Tien
Nguyen Van Trung
Nguyen Van Tung
Nguyen Van Vinh Chau
Nguyen Van Vong
Nguyen Vi Ninh
Nguyen Viet Hung
Nguyen Viet Thang
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Vinh Hien
Nguyen Xuan Chuan
Nguyen Xuan Cuong
Nguyen Xuan Duong
Nguyen Xuan Phuc
Nguyen Xuan Quang
Nguyen Xuan Sang
Nguyen Xuan Thanh
Nguyen Xuan Thao
Nguyen Xuan Thuy
Nicola Louise Roxon
Nong Duc Manh
Nong Phi Quang
Obaid Humaid Al Tayer
Oldemiro Julio Marques Baloi
Olga Algajerova
OsMan Giines
Pan Sorasak
Patrizia Toia
Paula Lehtomaki
Pedro Mejia Gomez
PEHIN DATO ABU BAKAR APONG
Peter B.Favila
Peter D. Garrucho
Peter Ricketts
Peter Szijjarto
Pham Binh Minh
Pham Cong Tac
Pham Duc Long
Pham Duy Anh
Pham Duy Khuong
Pham Gia Khiem
Pham Gia Tuc
Pham Hoang Duc
Pham Hong Giang
Pham Hong Ha
Pham Hong Hai
Pham Khoi Nguyen
Pham Le Tuan
Pham Manh Hung
Pham Manh Thang
Pham Minh Chinh
Pham Minh Ha
Pham Minh Huan
Pham Ngac
Pham Ngoc Thuong
Pham Quang Dung
Pham Quang Nghi
Pham Quang Ngoc
Pham Quang Tuyen
Pham Quang Vinh
Pham Quoc Anh
Pham Quoc Hung
Pham Quy Ngo
Pham Quy Tieu
Pham Quy Ty
Pham Si Chien
Pham Si Danh
Pham Sy Chung
Pham Sy Danh
Pham Thanh Binh
Pham Thanh Ha
Pham The Minh
Pham Thi Hai Chuyen
Pham Thi Thanh Tra
Pham Tien Dung
Pham Van Dinh
Pham Van Hau
Pham Van Huyen
Pham Van Khanh
Pham Van Phuong
Pham Van Tra
Pham Van Trong
Pham Vu Luan
Pham Xuan Tien
Phan Chi Hieu
Phan Khac Hai
Phan Quang Trung
Phan Tam
Phan Thai Dung
Phan The Rue
Phan Thi My Linh
Phan Thi Thang
Phan Tien Lan
Phan Trung Kien
Phan Van Anh
Phan Van Da
Phan Van Dinh
Phan Van Giang
Phan Van Khai
Phan Van Mai
Phan Van Men
Phan Van Tiem
Phan Van Trong
Phi Dang Minh
Phi Van Tuan
Pho-do-ri-co Gon-xa-let Phran-co
Phung Duc Tien
Phung Khac Ke
Phung Ngoc Hung
Phung Quang Thanh
Phung Xuan Nha
Phuong Huu Oanh
Pierre.S.Pettigrew
Pirapan Salirathavibhaga
Pra-Chuop Chai-Ya-San
Quach Dang Hoa
Rafael Catala Polo
Rafidah Aziz
Rashid Tussupbekov
RAYMOND LIM
Rini M.S. Soewandi
Rizalino S. Navarro
ROBERT PELIKAN
Ryszard Michalski
Saadi Salama
Sergey Lavrov
SOMMAD PHOLSENA
SOPHON ZARAM
Soulivong Daravong
SUSHILKUMAR SHINDE
T. Ariwibowo
Ta Anh Tuan
Ta Ca
Ta Manh Hung
Ta Quang Dong
Ta Quang Khanh
Ta Quang Ngoc
Ta Quoc Trung
Ta Thi Phuong Lan
Tan Sri Abdul Gani Patail
Tang Chi Thuong
Tao Huu Phung
TAUCH CHANKOSAL
Tea Varak
Thai Van Tai
Tharman Shanmugaratnam
Thi Van Tam
Thongbanh Sengaphone
Tibor Navracsics
To Anh Dung
To Lam
To Tu Ha
Tong Anh Hao
Tong Thi Minh
Tong Van Nga
Toshiko Abe
Tran Anh Tuan
Tran Chi Dao
Tran Chi Liem
Tran Chien Thang
Tran Cong Phan
Tran Dai Quang
Tran Dinh Duy
Tran Dinh Hoan
Tran Dinh Khoa
Tran Dinh Lieu
Tran Doan Tho
Tran Duc Lai
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Dung Ha
Tran Duy Dong
Tran Hanh
Tran Hiep Hung
Tran Hong Ha
Tran Lum
Tran Luu Quang
Tran Minh Phuc
Tran Minh Tuan
Tran Ngoc Binh
Tran Ngoc Liem
Tran Ngoc Thien
Tran Quan
Tran Quang Bao
Tran Quang Lam
Tran Quang Quy
Tran Quoc Khanh
Tran Quoc Phuong
Tran Quoc Thang
Tran Quy Kien
Tran Thanh Hai
Tran Thanh Man
Tran Thanh Nam
Tran The Ngoc
Tran Thi Thanh Binh
Tran Thi Thanh Thanh
Tran Thi Trung Chien
Tran Thu
Tran Tien Dung
Tran Tuan Anh
Tran Van Chung
Tran Van Dang
Tran Van Dung
Tran Van Hieu
Tran Van Son
Tran Van Ta
Tran Van Thuan
Tran Van Truyen
Tran Van Tu
Tran Van Tuan
Tran Van Tung
Tran Viet Tan
Tran Viet Thanh
Tran Vinh Tuyen
Tran Xuan Gia
Tran Xuan Ha
Trieu Van Be
Trinh Dinh Dung
Trinh Hong Duong
Trinh Quan Huan
Trinh Thi Thuy
Trinh To Tam
Trinh Xuan Truong
Truong Chi Trung
Truong Chinh
Truong Dinh Tuyen
Truong Hoa Binh
Truong Minh Tuan
Truong Quang Nghia
Truong Quoc Cuong
Truong Tan Sang
Truong Tan Vien
Truong Thanh Hoai
Truong Thi Mai
Truong Van Doan
Truong Vinh Trong
Ts. Hamid Awaludin
TSEND NYAMDORJ
U Khin Maung Win
U Soe Tha
Uong Chu Luu
Van Trong Ly
Vilay LAKHAMPHONG
Vince Henderson
Vitezslav Grepl
Vo Chi Cong
Vo Hong Phuc
Vo Minh Luong
Vo Thai Hoa
Vo Thanh Hung
Vo Tuan Nhan
Vo Van Hoan
Vo Van Hung
Vo Van Kiet
Vo Van Minh
Vo Van Thuong
Vu Bang
Vu Cao Cuong
Vu Chien Thang
Vu Duc Dam
Vu Dung
Vu Hai Quan
Vu Hai San
Vu Hong Khanh
Vu Hong Nam
Vu Hong Thuan
Vu Huy Hoang
Vu Khac Lien
Vu Khoan
Vu Le Quan
Vu Manh Ha
Vu Mong Giao
Vu Ngoc Anh
Vu Thi Lien
Vu Thi Mai
Vu Trong Hong
Vu Tuan Canh
Vu Tuan Cuong
Vu Van Ninh
Vu Van Tam
Vu Van Truong
Vuong Dinh Hue
Vy Trong Toan
Watana Muangsook
Yahya AKKURT
Yeo Cheow Tong
Yoon Young – Kwan
Yoriko Kawaguchi
Yrou Young - Kwan
Yury Nazaranka
Zafar Sh. Ruziev
Zdravko Marie
Zhakyp Assanov
Ziradin Jovanovic
Translation types
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
Summary
Content
Status
Vietnamese
Related documents
Diagram
Download
Bilingual Text
Please
log in
to your
Advanced Package
to view the full text. Do not have an account yet?
Register here
.
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Print
Share:
Text mode:
Light
|
Dark
Font size:
Send link to email
Send
Error message
Decree No. 21/2021/ND-CP detailing the implementation of the Civil Code’s provisions on security for performance of obligations
* Required information
Email
*
Content
*
Send
ATTRIBUTE
Decree No. 21/2021/ND-CP dated March 19, 2021 of the Government providing the implementation of the Civil Code regarding security for performance of obligations
Issuing body:
Government
Effective date:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Official number:
21/2021/ND-CP
Signer:
Nguyen Xuan Phuc
Type:
Decree
Expiry date:
Updating
Issuing date:
19/03/2021
Effect status:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Fields:
Civil law
SUMMARY
4 types of properties used to secure the performance of civil obligations
The Government issues the Decree No. 21/2021/ND-CP detailing the implementation of the Civil Code’s provisions on security for performance of obligations on March 19, 2021.
Specifically, properties used to secure the performance of an obligation includes: Existing properties or future properties, unless the sale, purchase, transfer or other transfers of ownership rights of them is prohibited in the Civil Code or other relevant law provisions at the time of the security contract and security measures are established; Properties sold in property sale and purchase contracts with retention of title; Properties which are objects of the breached obligations in the bilateral contract in case of lien on property;. Properties belonging to all people, as prescribed by relevant law provisions.
Besides, the description of the collateral shall be agreed upon by the securing party and the securing party as prescribed by law. In cases where the collateral is immovable or movable which, in accordance with law provisions, shall be registered, the agreed description shall be consistent with the information on the certificate. In cases where the collateral is a property right, the agreed description shall include the name and legal grounds in which the property right arises.
The realization of collateral shall be carried out in accordance with the parties' agreements, provisions of this Decree and relevant law provisions. In cases where the collateral is the right to exploit minerals or other natural resources, the realization of the collateral shall comply with the law provisions on minerals and other natural resources, and relevant law provisions.
This Decree takes effect from May 15, 2021.
For more details,
click here.
Download files
here.
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
Effect status:
Known
The Effect status of this document is known.This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to view Effect status. Don’t have an account?
Register here
THE
GOVERNM
ENT
THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Independence - Freedom - Happiness
No. 21/2021/ND-CP
Hanoi, March 19, 2021
DECREE
Providing the implementation of the Civil Code regarding security for performance of obligations
[1]
Pursuant to the June 19, 2015 Law on Organization of the Government; and the November 22, 2019 Law Amending and Supplementing a Number of Articles of the Law on Organization of the Government and the Law on Organization of Local Administration;
Pursuant to the November 24, 2015 Civil Code;
At the proposal of the Minister of Justice;
The Government promulgates the Decree providing the implementation of the Civil Code regarding security for performance of obligations.
Chapter I
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Article 1.
Scope of regulation
This Decree provides the implementation of the Civil Code regarding security for performance of obligations, including collateral, establishment and implementation of measures to secure performance of obligations (below referred to as security measures), and realization of collateral.
Article 2.
Subjects of application
1. Securing parties, secured parties and persons with secured obligations.
2. Related agencies, organizations and individuals.
Article 3.
Interpretation of terms
In this Decree, the terms below are construed as follows:
1. Securing party means a pledgor, mortgagor, depositor, security collateral payer, escrow account depositor, purchaser under a purchase and sale contract with retention of title, guarantor, grassroots socio-political organization in case of pledge of trust, or obligor under a bilateral contract in case of application of the measure of lien.
2. Secured party means a pledgee, mortgagee, depositary, security collateral recipient, obligee in escrow account, seller under a purchase and sale contract with retention of title, creditor, credit institution in case of pledge of trust, and obligee under a bilateral contract in case of application of the measure of lien.
3. Person with secured obligation means a person whose obligation is secured with a security measure. A person with secured obligation may concurrently act as a securing party or not.
4. Land-attached assets include houses, construction works under housing construction investment projects; separate houses as specified in the Housing Law; other construction works; perennial trees, planted production forests, or other objects attached to land as specified by law.
5. Security contract may be a contract on pledge of property, contract on mortgage of property, deposit contract, security collateral contract, escrow contract, contract on purchase and sale of property with retention of title, guarantee contract, or contract on pledge of trust.
A security contract may be an agreement between a securing party and a secured party or an agreement among a securing party, a secured party and a person with secured obligation.
A security contract may be a separate contract or shown with terms and clauses on security for performance of obligations in another form of civil transaction in accordance with law.
6. Certificate means a property ownership certificate, land use rights certificate or another paper certifying property ownership in accordance with law.
7. Reasonable time limit means a period habitually established between involved parties or a period during which the parties to a security contract or security measure or other subjects with related rights and interests can exercise their rights and perform their obligations under normal conditions.
Article 4.
Application of laws and agreements on security for performance of obligations
1. In case the law on land, housing, investment, enterprises, securities, insurance, banking, natural resources, fisheries, forestry, aviation, maritime, intellectual property, science and technology, or another field has specific provisions on collateral, establishment and implementation of security measures, or realization of collateral, such specific provisions shall apply.
In case a securing party, secured party or person with secured obligation is declared bankrupt, the performance of property-related obligations, settlement of secured debts, and application of measures to preserve property must comply with the law on bankruptcy.
2. In case the parties to an obligation performance security relationship has agreements that are different from the provisions of this Decree but adhere to the basic principles of the civil law and do neither violate regulations on conditions for civil transactions to take effect nor violate the provisions on restrictions on exercise of civic rights of the Civil Code or a relevant law, such agreements shall prevail.
3. In case a property owner and a secured party agree to use property to secure the performance of obligations of another party, regulations on pledge of property or mortgage of property shall apply.
4. In case the parties reach an agreement with a content on obligation performance security but fail to clearly or accurately determine the name of the security measure while the agreed content conforms with a security measure provided in the Civil Code, provisions on security measure relevant to such agreed content shall apply.
Article 5.
Obligation performance security with multiple security measures or multiple assets
1. The performance of an obligation may be secured with multiple security measures. In case such an obligation is infringed upon while the securing party and secured party have no agreement on selection of security measures for application, the secured party shall select a security measure for application or apply all security measures.
2. The performance of an obligation may be secured with multiple assets. The scope of security of each asset for obligation performance shall be agreed upon by the securing party and secured party. If no agreement is reached, any of these assets may be used to secure the performance of the whole of such obligation.
Article 6.
Holding, use, delivery and receipt of certificates
1. In case a collateral is used to secure the performance of another obligation or to perform another civil transaction while the secured party is holding the original certificate, it/he/she shall deliver such certificate to the subject being a party to a relevant transaction or perform another obligation as agreed upon for the latter to carry out procedures in accordance with law.
In case the secured party delivers the original certificate to the subject being a party to a relevant transaction, the latter shall return such certificate to the former right after completing procedures; if delaying the return of or failing to return the original certificate, thus causing damage, such subject shall pay damages. A securing party may use a copy of the certificate and the original of the secured party’s written certification, which remains valid, of the holding of the original certificate for use or sale of property.
2. The holding and use of aircraft and seagoing ship certificates must comply with the Civil Aviation Law of Vietnam and Maritime Code of Vietnam.
Article 7.
Right to reclaim collateral
1. The right of a secured party to collateral in a security measure that has become effective for a third party may neither be changed nor terminated in case the collateral is delivered to another person as a result of purchase and sale, donation, exchange, transfer or otherwise assignment of ownership rights; or of possession, use or benefiting without a legal basis of collateral, except the cases specified in Clause 2 of this Article.
2. The right of secured parties to reclaim collateral shall not apply to:
a/ The collateral that has been sold, transferred or otherwise assigned in terms of ownership rights with the consent of the secured parties and is not further used to secure the performance of agreed obligations;
b/ The mortgaged property that is sold, replaced or exchanged under Clause 4, Article 321 of the Civil Code;
c/ The collateral that no longer exists or is replaced with other assets as specified in Article 21 of this Decree;
d/ Other cases specified by the Civil Code and relevant laws.
3. In case securing parties being individuals die or securing parties being legal persons terminate their existence, the right of secured parties to reclaim collaterals shall not terminate but must comply with the Civil Code’s Article 658 and other provisions on inheritance in case securing parties being individuals die, or must comply with regulations on dissolution of legal persons or bankruptcy in case securing parties being legal persons are dissolved or declared bankrupt.
Chapter II
COLLATERAL
Article 8.
Property used to secure performance of obligations
Property used to secure performance of obligations includes:
1. Existing property or future property, except those banned from purchase and sale, transfer or otherwise assignment of ownership rights under the Civil Code or a relevant law at the time of establishing security contracts or security measures;
2. Sold property under contracts on purchase and sale of property with retention of title;
3. Property subject to obligations under bilateral contracts breached with regard to the measure of lien;
4. Property under ownership by the entire people as provided by relevant regulations.
Article 9.
Description of collateral
1. The description of collateral shall be agreed upon by securing parties and secured parties under Clauses 2 and 3 of this Article, and Articles 12, 13, 18 and 19, of this Decree.
2. For collateral being immovables or movables subject to registration in accordance with law, information described under agreements must be consistent with that stated in certificates.
3. For collateral being property rights, information described under agreements must show names of assets and legal grounds giving rise to property rights.
Article 10.
Land use rights, land-attached assets
1. The use of land use rights to secure the performance of obligations may be not concurrently with the use of land-attached assets to secure the performance of obligations and
vice versa
.
2. In case land-attached assets are not required by law to be subject to registration and not yet registered upon request while asset owners and secured parties to use such assets to secure the performance of obligations, rights and obligations of the parties shall be agreed upon in security contracts.
In case land-attached assets are annual trees as specified in the Law on Crop Production or makeshift works as specified in the Law on Construction while asset owners and secured parties agree to use such assets to secure the performance of obligations, regulations on security for performance of obligations with movables other than aircraft or seagoing ships shall apply.
3. In case land use rights or land-attached assets being easement-eligible immovables are used to secure the performance of obligations, the easement remains valid for all individuals and legal persons.
4. Security for performance of obligations with future property shall not apply to land use rights.
Article 11.
Property established from the right of superficies or usufruct
1. Property under ownership of entities holding the right of superficies specified in Clause 2, Article 271 of the Civil Code may be used to secure the performance of obligations.
In case the property specified in this Clause are land-attached assets, Clauses 1 and 2, Article 9, and Clauses 1, 2 and 3, Article 10, of this Decree shall apply.
2. Yields and profits or other assets gained from operation and use of property subject to usufruct may be used to secure performance of obligations.
Article 12.
Objects with auxiliary objects, integrated objects, distinctive objects
For property used to secure the performance of obligations which are objects with auxiliary objects, integrated objects or distinctive objects, their description must show characteristics to help identify such objects in accordance with the Civil Code.
Article 13.
Valuable papers, securities, savings deposit balance
Valuable papers, securities and savings deposit balance at credit institutions or foreign bank branches may be used to secure the performance of obligations provided that their description must comply with the regulations on valuable papers, securities, or banking.
Article 14.
Property rights arising from contracts
Obligees under contracts may exercise their right to claim debts, receivables and other payments; right to operate and manage investment projects; right to lease and sublease; right to enjoy yields, profits and other interests which can be valued in money from contracts; right to receive damages; and other rights which can be valued in money from contracts to secure the performance of obligations.
Article 15.
Property formed from capital contribution
Capital contributors may use their shares, contributed capital amounts or the right to purchase contributed capital amounts or profits arising from their shares or contributed capital amounts in commercial legal persons or non-commercial legal persons being social corporations to secure the performance of their obligations in accordance with relevant regulations and charters (if any) of such legal persons.
Article 16.
Right to exploit natural resources
A holder of the right to exploit natural resources under relevant regulations may exercise the right to exploit minerals; products of natural forests, except animals; natural aquatic products, including sea animals and plants; resources of water, including surface water, seawater and groundwater, except natural water used for agriculture, forestry, fisheries and salt making; edible-nest swiftlets; or the right to exploit other natural resources which can be valued in money to secure the performance of obligations.
The exercise of the right to exploit minerals or the right to exploit other natural resources to secure the performance of obligations specified in this Article must comply with the law on minerals or relevant regulations on natural resources.
Article 17.
Property rights arising from intellectual property rights, information technology or scientific and technological activities
Holders of property rights arising from intellectual property rights, information technology or scientific and technological activities may exercise property rights with regard to subject matters of copyright, related rights, industrial property rights, or rights to plant varieties; the right to own or the right to use scientific research, technology development or technology transfer outcomes; or other rights which can be valued in money and arise from intellectual property rights, information technology or scientific and technological activities to secure the performance of obligations.
Article 18.
Investment projects, property under investment projects
Owners of investment projects may use such projects which are not banned from transfer in accordance with the Law on Investment or other relevant laws to secure the performance of obligations.
Owners of investment projects may use the whole of their projects or property rights concerning operation and management of investment projects and other property rights or use other property under their investment projects to secure the performance of obligations.
In case investment projects used to secure the performance of obligations are projects to build houses, projects to build works other than houses, or other projects for which relevant regulations require certificates or decisions of competent state agencies or other legal grounds, descriptions in security contracts must show such legal grounds.
Article 19.
Goods circulated in the production and business process and goods warehouses
Goods circulated in the production and business process and goods warehouses used to secure the performance of obligations may be described based on value of property or by type of goods. The description of collateral being goods warehouses must also show addresses and codes (if any) of warehouses or other signs of locations of warehouses.
Goods circulated in the production and business process may be goods in warehouses or goods currently used in the production and business process.
Article 20.
Investment in mortgaged property
1. In case mortgagors exercise their right to make investment for increasing the value of mortgaged property under Clause 2, Article 321 of the Civil Code, the increased value will belong to the mortgaged property.
2. Investment in mortgaged property is subject to consent of the mortgagee in the following cases:
a/ The investment is made by a third party;
b/ The investment is made by the mortgagor, giving rise to a new asset that does not belong to the mortgaged property as agreed upon in the mortgage contract.
3. Mortgagees may request termination of investment if the investment specified in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article results in reduction of the value of mortgaged property.
4. Mortgagors or third parties making investment in mortgaged property that fail to comply with Clauses 2 and 3 of this Article, thus causing damage, shall pay damages to mortgagees.
5. In case securing parties or third parties making investment in collateral under other security measures for which the parties do not otherwise agree or relevant regulations do not otherwise provide, Clauses 1 thru 4 of this Article shall apply.
Article 21.
Changes in collateral
1. In case a securing party and a secured party agree on the division or splitting of a collateral into different assets under relevant regulations:
a/ If the division or splitting does not change the owner of the collateral, the assets formed after the division or splitting will also be used as collateral;
b/ If the division or splitting changes the owner of the collateral, the assets formed after the division or splitting and coming under rights of new owners will not be used as collateral.
2. In case a securing party and a secured party agree on the consolidation, merger or mixture of collateral with another asset or the collateral is processed into a new asset:
a/ If the new asset formed as a result of the consolidation, merger or mixture cannot be divided, the value of the collateral’s part consolidated, merged or mixed into the new asset will become the collateral;
b/ If the new object formed as a result of the processing comes under ownership by the securing party, it will also be used as collateral; if the new object does not come under ownership by the securing party, the value of the processed part of collateral will become the collateral.
3. In case a securing party and a secured party agree on the use of collateral as capital contributed to a commercial legal person or non-commercial legal person being a social corporation, the share or contributed capital amount will be the collateral, unless the secured party and capital-receiving legal person agree that the collateral used for capital contribution may also be used to secure the performance of obligations.
4. In case a securing party and a secured party agree on the use of the insured asset to secure the performance of obligations or in case the asset currently used to secure the performance of obligations is insured, when an insured event occurs, the indemnity amount or replacing asset payable by the insurer to the insured will become the collateral.
5. In case a collateral which is an annual tree as specified in the Law on Crop Production is harvested or which is a makeshift work as specified in the Law on Construction is dismantled, yields or other assets derived from the harvest or dismantlement will become the collateral.
6. In case a securing party installs or integrates a software or software system into the asset currently used to secure the performance of obligations under relevant regulations, property rights over such software or software system within the scope of collateral will also be used as collateral.
7. In case a collateral is recovered due to the securing party’s violation of relevant regulations, the securing party shall pay damages to the secured party as agreed upon in the security contract. In case the State makes payment or pays damages to a securing party under relevant regulations, the asset eligible for such payment or damages will become the collateral.
8. In case a collateral no longer exists as it is recovered for national defense and security purposes, or for socio-economic development in favor of national or public interests, the compensated money amount, replaced asset or exchange asset under relevant regulations will become the collateral.
9. In case a collateral is destroyed, totally lost, dismantled or confiscated under a competent state agency’s decision, it shall be considered no longer existing, except the cases specified in Clauses 4, 5, 7 and 8 of this Article.
10. In other cases specified in the Civil Code or a relevant law which make a collateral no longer exist or be replaced while a new asset arises or an asset is replaced, such asset will become the collateral.
Chapter III
ESTABLISHMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF SECURITY MEASURES
Section 1
SECURITY MEASURES ESTABLISHED UNDER AGREEMENT
Sub-section 1
EFFECT OF SECURITY CONTRACTS AND SECURITY MEASURES
Article 22.
Effect of security contracts
1. A security contract that is notarized or certified in accordance with the Civil Code or a relevant law or upon a request takes effect from the time of notarization or certification.
2. A security contract other than that specified in Clause 1 of this Article takes effect from the time agreed upon by contracting parties or from the time it is entered into if no agreement on contract effect is reached.
3. In case a collateral is partly withdrawn as agreed upon, the security contract’s contents relating to the withdrawn part of collateral will become invalidated. In case a collateral is added or replaced, the modification and supplementation of the security contract concerning collateral after the addition or replacement must comply with the Civil Code or a relevant law.
4. A security measure that has not yet become effective for a third party will neither change nor invalidate the security contract concerned.
Article 23.
Effect of security measures for third parties
1. A security measure may become effective for a third party only in case the security contract concerned has taken effect.
2. In case a security measure is subject to registration in accordance with the Civil Code or a relevant law or is registered as agreed upon or is registered at the request of the secured party, such security measure becomes effective for a third party from the time it is registered at a competent agency under relevant regulations.
3. In a case other than that specified in Clause 2 of this Article, a measure of pledge of property, deposit, security collateral or escrow account may become effective for a third party from the time the secured party holds the collateral.
Holding of collateral mentioned in this Clause means that the secured party directly manages and controls the collateral, or that another person manages the collateral as agreed upon or provided by law while the secured party still controls such collateral.
4. In case a collateral under the security measure mentioned in Clause 3 of this Article is handed over to another person for management, the security measure becomes effective for a third party from the time:
a/ The pledgee, depositary or security collateral recipient holds the collateral;
b/ The collateral-managing person receives the collateral directly from the pledgor, depositor or security collateral payer;
c/ The security contract takes effect in case another person is directly managing the collateral which is used for pledge, deposit or security collateral.
5. The measure of escrow account becomes effective for a third party from the time the asset used for escrow account is deposited into a frozen account at the credit institution where the escrow account is opened.
Article 24.
Security with future property
1. A secured party shall establish rights over part or the whole of collateral being a future property from the time such part or the whole of collateral is formed.
2. Effect of the measure of security with future property for a third party must comply with Clause 1, 2, 3 or 4, Article 23 of this Decree.
Article 25.
Security for performance of future obligations
1. The effect of a security contract or effect of a security measure for a third party specified in Article 22 or 23 of this Decree arises for the whole of a future obligation.
In case a future obligation is formed while the parties agree to establish a new security contract or new security measure for this obligation, the effect of the security measure for a third party arises under the new security contract or security measure.
2. The effect of a security contract or effect of a security measure for a third party will neither be changed nor terminated in case the parties do not reach a specific agreement on the scope of a future obligation, time limit for performance of the secured obligation or period of security for obligation performance.
Article 26.
Security with land use rights, land-attached assets, or assets formed from the right of superficies or usufruct
1. In case of mortgage of land use rights or land-attached assets under Article 325 or 326 of the Civil Code, the mortgage contract or mortgage measure remains effective for a third party when such land use rights or land-attached assets are not used as collateral which are purchased and sold, transferred, otherwise assigned in terms of ownership rights, or used to secure the performance of obligations.
2. The effect of a security contract or effect of a security measure with assets established from the right of superficies or usufruct for a third party will neither be changed nor terminated in case land use rights involving the right of superficies or property being objects of usufruct are purchased and sold, transferred, otherwise assigned in terms of ownership rights, or used to secure the performance of obligations.
Article 27.
Establishment and performance of security contracts or security measures with common property of husband and wife
1. In case the common property of husband and wife used to secure the performance of obligations is savings deposit balance at a credit institution or foreign bank branch, securities or another movable asset not subject to registration in accordance with law, the husband or wife named as savings depositor, securities holder or movable asset possessor may himself/herself establish and perform a security contract or security measure, except the following cases:
a/ It is otherwise provided in the agreed property regime or the husband and wife otherwise agree, which has been informed to the secured party;
b/ It is otherwise agreed upon by the husband and wife and the secured party.
2. In case the husband and wife agree that either of them uses their common property as capital contributed to a commercial legal person or non-commercial legal person being a social corporation or for establishment of a sole proprietorship, the capital contributor or person named as the owner of the sole proprietorship may himself/herself establish and perform a security contract or security measure relating to his/her capital amount contributed to the legal person or property of the sole proprietorship.
In case the husband and wife have no written agreement on the use of their common property for capital contribution under this Clause but the capital contribution was made according to procedures specified in relevant regulations and the person not directly doing business knows or has to know such capital contribution but does not object it, such agreement shall be considered existing.
3. In case a security contract or security measure is established under Clause 1 or 2 of this Article but the husband and wife have divorced, the person who has established such contract or measure shall continue to perform it, unless otherwise decided under a legally effective court judgment or ruling.
Article 28.
Change of the securing party or secured party
1. A purchaser, transferee or assignee of ownership rights may become the secured party in case the right to claim debts, receivables or other payments involves the security measure sold, transferred or otherwise assigned in terms of ownership rights.
Such new secured party shall notify the securing party of the change of the secured party before the secured obligation is performed as agreed upon or provided by law.
2. An inheriting party may become the securing party, secured party or person with secured obligation in case the latter is a reorganized legal person.
3. The sale, transfer or otherwise assignment of rights and obligations under this Article and relevant regulations on transfer of the right to claim with security measures or transfer of obligations with security measures is not subject to reestablishment of security contracts.
Article 29.
Relationship between security contracts and contracts with secured obligations
1. A security contract that is nullified, cancelled or unilaterally terminated shall not terminate a contract with secured obligation.
2. In case a contract with secured obligation is nullified, cancelled or unilaterally terminated:
a/ If the contracting parties have not yet performed such contract, the security contract shall be terminated;
b/ If the contracting parties have performed part or the whole of such contract, the security contract shall not be terminated. The secured party may realize the collateral to make payment for the obligation to return of its/his/her obligor.
Article 30.
Settlement of partially null and void security contracts
1. In case part of contents of a security contract is declared null and void under the Civil Code or a relevant law, the secured obligation relevant to this part of contents shall become an unsecured obligation, including:
a/ Part of contents of the contract falling under the rights of the person not participating in the contract in case the asset used for security falls under common ownership, except the cases specified in Article 27 of this Decree;
b/ Part of contents of the contract relating to one or more than one person having no civil legal capacity or civil act capacity appropriate to the contract in case the securing party or secured party consists of more than one person;
c/ Part of contents of the contract relating to one or more than one asset not qualified to be used to secure the performance of obligations in case one obligation is secured with more than one asset;
d/ Part of contents of the contract violating prohibitory provisions of law or contravening social morality or restricting the exercise of rights as provided by the Civil Code or a relevant law in case other contents of the contract do not;
dd/ Other contents as provided by the Civil Code or a relevant law.
2. In case the performance of one obligation is guaranteed by more than one person or secured with more than one asset but only one or some joint guarantor(s) or one or some collateral(s) fall(s) under contents of the security contract declared null and void, security for performance of the obligation falling under contents of such contract shall be settled under Article 338 of the Civil Code and Clause 2, Article 5 of this Decree.
Sub-section 2
PLEDGE OF PROPERTY
Article 31.
Handover of pledged property
1. An agreement on handover of pledged property under Clause 1, Article 311 of the Civil Code may be a case in which the plegdor hands over the pledged property to the pledgee or to a third party for keeping. The pledgee may keep the pledged property at the place where the property exists or a place it/he/she chooses.
2. In case the pledged property is an object likely to lose or reduce its value, the pledgee currently keeping such property shall notify such to the pledgor and request the latter to propose a solution within a reasonable time limit. Past this time limit, if the pledgor fails to give a reply, the pledgee shall take a necessary deterrent measure.
3. In case the pledged property is an object kept by a third party and likely to be lost or damaged or lose or reduce its value, rights and obligations of the third party and pledgee must comply with the contract for bailment of property.
4. Clauses 2 and 3 of this Article do not apply in case pledged objects suffer natural wear and tear.
Article 32.
Sale, replacement, exchange or donation of pledged property
In case it is consented by the pledgee or provided in a relevant law that the pledgor is entitled to sell, replace, exchange or donate the pledged property, the measure of pledge shall be terminated from the time the purchaser of the property, recipient of the replaced property or donee of the property establishes ownership rights over the pledged property under Article 161 of the Civil Code.
Sub-section 3
MORTGAGE OF PROPERTY
Article 33.
Mortgage of the right to claim debts, receivables and other payments
The mortgage of the right to claim debts, receivables and other payments does not require consent of obligors but these obligors shall be notified by mortgagees before performing their obligations under agreement or in accordance with law.
Article 34.
Mortgage related to leased or lent assets
1. In case a currently leased or lent asset is used for mortgage, the mortgagor shall notify such to the mortgagee.
2. The realization of mortgaged property that is currently leased or lent in the cases specified in Article 299 of the Civil Code does not lead to termination of rent contracts or borrowing contracts; lessees or borrowers may continue renting or borrowing such assets until expiration of the contract term.
3. In case the measure of mortgage has become effective for a third party to whom the mortgagor leases or lends the mortgaged property without notifying such to the mortgagee, the rent contract or borrowing contract shall be terminated at the time of realization of the mortgaged property. Rights and obligations of the mortgagor and the lessee or borrower shall be settled under agreements in the property rent contract or borrowing contract, the Civil Code and relevant laws.
Article 35.
Taking of mortgage by individuals or economic organizations other than credit institutions of land use rights and assets attached to land of land-using households or individuals
The taking of mortgage by an individual or an economic organization other than a credit institution of land use rights and assets attached to land of a land-using household or individual must satisfy the following conditions:
1. The mortgagee is an economic organization as defined in the Land Law or is a Vietnamese citizen with full civil act capacity;
2. The taking of mortgage to secure obligation performance does not violate prohibitions specified in the Civil Code and relevant laws and is not against social morality in contractual relations in investment projects, construction, rent, lease for exploitation, service provision and other transactions;
3. In case secured obligations include an obligation to pay interests, interest rates arising due to delayed payment of loan principals, interests on premature loan principals, interests on overdue loan principals, interests on unpaid interest debts or other interests and applied interest rates must not exceed agreed interest and interest rate limits specified in Clause 2, Article 357; Clause 5, Article 466; and Article 468, of the Civil Code. In case there is an agreement on handling of the act of failure of obligors to pay debts on time and there are no other regulations, such act shall be handled only once;
4. Other conditions for civil transactions to become effective as specified in the Civil Code and relevant laws.
Article 36.
Handling of cases in which assets subject to invalid civil transactions are used for mortgage
1. In case an asset subject to an invalid civil transaction is used for mortgage and has been transferred to the
bona fide
mortgagee in the cases specified in Clauses 1 and 2, Article 133 of the Civil Code, the mortgage contract will not become invalid. Rights and obligations of related parties must comply with Clause 3, Article 133 of the Civil Code.
2. The transfer of a mortgaged asset as mentioned in Clause 1 of this Article means that the mortgagor does not transfer such asset but the mortgagee already holds the certificate of mortgaged asset under an agreement or has actually taken another necessary measure to prevent the mortgagor from breaching the obligations specified in Article 320 of the Civil Code.
Sub-section 4
DEPOSIT OR SECURITY COLLATERAL
Article 37.
Cases in which a sum of money is not clearly identified as a deposit or an advance
When a contracting party transfers to the other party a sum of money, which is not clearly identified by the parties as a deposit or an advance, such sum of money shall be regarded as an advance.
Article 38.
Rights and obligations of deposit or security collateral parties
1. Depositors or security collateral payers have the following rights and obligations:
a/ To request depositaries or security collateral recipients to stop exploiting, using, or establishing civil transactions for, deposited assets or assets used for security collateral; to preserve and maintain deposited assets or assets used for security collateral in order to prevent their value from being lost or depreciated;
b/ To exchange or replace deposited assets or assets used for security collateral or put such assets in other civil transactions in case depositaries or security collateral recipients so agree;
c/ To pay to depositaries or security collateral recipients reasonable expenses for preservation and maintenance of deposited assets or assets used for security collateral;
Reasonable expenses specified at this Point are practically necessary and lawful expenses at the time of payment which must, under normal conditions, be paid by depositaries or security collateral recipients to ensure that deposited assets or assets used for security collateral are neither lost, destroyed nor deteriorated;
d/ To carry out asset ownership registration or perform other obligations specified by law so that depositaries or security collateral recipients can own deposited assets or assets used for security collateral under Point b, Clause 2 of this Article;
dd/ Other rights and obligations as agreed upon or provided by the Civil Code and relevant laws.
2. Depositaries or security collateral recipients have the following rights and obligations:
a/ To request depositors or security collateral payers to stop exchanging, replacing, or establishing other civil transactions for, deposited assets or assets used for security collateral without prior consent of depositaries or security collateral recipients;
b/ To own deposited assets in case depositors breach their commitments on entry into and performance of contracts; to own assets used for security collateral in case rented assets no longer exist to be returned to security collateral recipients;
c/ To preserve and maintain deposited assets or assets used for security collateral;
d To refrain from establishing civil transactions for, exploiting or using deposited assets or assets used for security collateral without prior consent of depositors or security collateral payers;
dd/ Other rights and obligations as agreed upon or provided by the Civil Code and relevant laws.
Sub-section 5
ESCROW ACCOUNT
Article 39.
Depositing and payment of sums of money used for escrow account
1. Sums of money used for escrow account (below referred to as escrow amounts) shall be deposited into frozen accounts at credit institutions under agreements or as designated by obligees to secure obligation performance.
2. Escrow amounts and making of single or multiple escrow accounts shall be agreed upon by parties or provided by law.
3. In case secured obligations are breached, escrow amounts shall be used to pay for such obligations and pay damages after subtracting service charges (below referred to as payment for obligations).
Article 40.
Rights and obligations of escrow parties
1. Credit institutions where escrow account is made have the following rights and obligations:
a/ To enjoy service charges;
b/ To request obligees to properly implement escrow agreements in order to get obligations paid for with escrow amounts;
c/ To pay for obligations upon request of obligees with escrow amounts;
d/ To refund the remaining escrow amounts to escrow depositors after paying for obligations upon request of obligees and upon escrow termination;
dd/ Other rights and obligations as agreed upon or provided by the Civil Code and relevant laws.
2. Escrow account depositors have the following rights and obligations:
a/ To reach agreement with credit institutions where escrow account is made on payment terms in strict compliance with commitments with obligees;
b/ To request credit institutions where escrow account is made to refund escrow amounts under Point d, Clause 1 of this Article; to enjoy interests as agreed with credit institutions where escrow account is made;
c/ To partially withdraw or add escrow amounts or put escrow amounts in other civil transactions in case obligees so agree;
d/ To fully deposit escrow amounts at credit institutions where escrow account is made;
dd/ Other rights and obligations as agreed upon or provided by the Civil Code and relevant laws.
3. Obligees in escrow account have the following rights and obligations:
a/ To request credit institutions where escrow account is made to pay for obligations fully and on time with escrow amounts;
b/ To properly carry out procedures as requested by credit institutions where escrow account is made when exercising the right specified at Point a of this Clause;
c/ Other rights and obligations as agreed upon or provided by the Civil Code and relevant laws.
Sub-section 6
RETENTION OF TITLE
Article 41.
Rights and obligations related to purchased assets
1. In case a purchaser is required to return a purchased asset to a seller due to the former’s breach of the payment obligation but by the time of return, the value of such asset is larger than its original value for the reason that the purchaser or a third party has made investment to increase the asset value, the seller shall return the value difference to the party that has invested in the asset.
Investment in purchased assets must comply with Clause 5, Article 20 of this Decree.
2. Purchasers are not responsible for natural wear and tear of assets over which title is retained.
Article 42.
Transfer of rights and obligations regarding retention of title
1. If sellers transfer the right to claim payment by purchasers, the right to retain title may also be transferred to transferees of the right to claim payment.
2. If purchasers sell or otherwise transfer rights to purchased assets after the retention of title is registered, then second purchasers or transferees of rights to purchased assets shall inherit obligations regarding the retention of title.
Sub-section 7
GUARANTEE
Article 43.
Guarantee agreements
1. Guarantors may reach agreement with creditors on the use of assets as security for performance of their guaranteed obligations.
2. In case the guarantor undertakes to perform jobs on behalf of the principal, it/he/she must have civil legal capacity or civil act capacity appropriate to guaranteed obligations.
3. Guarantee agreements may take the form of separate guarantee contracts, letters of guarantee or other guarantee commitments.
Article 44.
Performance of guaranteed obligations
1. The guarantor shall perform a guaranteed obligation when such obligation is breached based on one of the following grounds:
a/ The principal fails to perform such obligation within a specified time limit;
b/ The principal fails to perform such obligation ahead of time as agreed upon;
c/ The principal fails to fully fulfill such obligation;
d/ The principal fails to properly perform such obligation;
dd/ The principal is unable to perform such obligation under Clause 2, Article 335 and Clause 1, Article 339 of the Civil Code;
e/ Other grounds as agreed upon or provided by the Civil Code and relevant laws.
2. In case there is one of the grounds specified in Clause 1 of this Article, creditors shall notify such to guarantors for performance of guaranteed obligations. Guarantors may refuse to perform obligations in case the grounds notified by creditors fall beyond the scope of guarantee commitments.
3. The guarantor shall perform a guaranteed obligation within a time limit agreed upon by parties. In case there is no agreement, the guarantor shall do so within a reasonable time limit counting from the time of receipt of the creditor’s notice.
4. If the guarantor has performed a guaranteed obligation, the creditor shall notify such to the principal. In case the principal still performs the guaranteed obligation, the guarantor may request the creditor to refund the received asset to the former or the equivalent value of parts of the performed guaranteed obligation.
Sub-section 8
PLEDGE OF TRUST
Article 45.
Parties providing security with pledge of trust
In case obligation performance is secured with pledge of trust, commune/ward/township organizations of the Vietnam Peasants’ Association, Ho Chi Minh Communist Youth Union, Vietnam Women’s Union, Vietnam War Veterans’ Association, or Vietnam Fatherland Front, or grassroots Trade Union units shall act as parties providing security with pledge of trust, unless otherwise provided by charters of these organizations.
Article 46.
Rights and obligations of parties to pledge of trust
1. Parties providing security with pledge of trust have the following rights and obligations:
a/ To take the initiative or closely coordinate with lending credit institutions in assisting, guiding, and creating favorable conditions for, borrowers; to supervise the use of loans for proper purposes and with efficiency; to urge full and on-time loan repayment;
b/ To give certification as requested by lending credit institutions of conditions and circumstances of borrowers by the time of loan borrowing;
c/ Other rights and obligations as agreed upon or provided by the Civil Code and relevant laws.
2. Lending credit institutions have the following rights and obligations:
a/ To request parties providing security with pledge of trust to coordinate with them in examining the use of loans and urging loan repayment;
b/ To coordinate with parties providing security with pledge of trust in granting loans and collecting debts;
c/ Other rights and obligations as agreed upon or provided by the Civil Code and relevant laws.
3. Borrowers have the following rights and obligations:
a/ To use loans for their production or business activities, daily-life needs or consumption for the purposes for which they borrow loans;
b/ To create favorable conditions for lending credit institutions and parties providing security with pledge of trust to examine the use of loans;
c/ To fully repay loan principals and interests (if any) within agreed time limits to lending credit institutions;
d/ Other rights and obligations as agreed upon or provided by the Civil Code and relevant laws.
Section 2
LIEN ON PROPERTY
Article 47.
Assurance of lien right
1. In case a competent agency or competent person as defined by relevant regulations requests a lienor to hand over an asset under lien in order to resolve the case or matter in accordance with law, the handover of the asset under lien in this case does not constitute a ground for termination of lien.
2. In case an asset owner or another obligee puts an asset under lien into a civil transaction, the lienor is not obliged to hand over such asset to parties to such civil transaction, unless:
a/ Obligations toward the lienor have been fulfilled;
b/ Obligations toward the lienor have not yet been fulfilled but the lien is terminated in a case specified in Clause 1, 2 or 5, Article 350 of the Civil Code.
Article 48.
Exercise of lien right
1. Lienors may only retain assets or parts of assets directly relating to breached parts of obligations. In case multiple assets are subject to breached parts of obligations, lienors may choose assets to retain.
2. In case subject to breached obligations are jobs to create products, lienors may seize the created products or materials to be used to create products. In case subject to breached obligations are jobs not to create products, lienors may seize tools and means provided by obligors to perform such jobs.
3. In case assets under lien generate yields which are not results of exploitation of such assets, lienors shall return such yields to obligors. In case lienors are managing yields while assets subject to obligations are handed over to obligors before they breach obligations, lienors may seize the yields until obligations toward them are fulfilled.
Chapter IV
REALIZATION OF COLLATERAL
Article 49.
General provisions on realization of collateral
1. Realization of collateral shall be carried out in accordance with agreements of parties, provisions of this Decree and relevant regulations.
Realization of collateral being mining rights or rights to exploit other natural resources must comply with the law on minerals, other laws on natural resources and relevant laws.
2. Secured parties that realize collateral on the basis of agreements in security contracts are not required to obtain documents on authorization or written consents of securing parties.
3. In case the Civil Code and relevant laws have provisions requiring assets currently used as security to be realized for securing parties to perform other obligations, such assets shall be realized under those provisions.
4. Realization by secured parties of security assets to collect debts is not an asset trading operation of secured parties.
Article 50.
Settlement of cases in which securing parties or persons with secured obligations that are individuals die or are declared dead under court rulings
In case a securing party or person with secured obligations who is an individual dies or is declared dead under a court ruling, the performance of his/her obligations and realization of collateral shall be carried out under the security contract or another agreement established before he/she dies or is declared dead under a court ruling.
In case it is possible to identify an individual heir or manager of an inheritance currently used as collateral , the secured party shall notify the collateral realization to such individual to the address notified to the securing party under Article 51 of this Decree.
In case it is not yet possible to identify an individual heir or manager of an inheritance currently used as collateral while secured obligations become due, the secured party may request a court to settle the case.
Article 51.
Notification of realization of collateral
1. A notice of realization of a collateral must have the following principal contents:
a/ Reason(s) for realization of the collateral;
b/ The collateral to be realized;
c/ Time and location of collateral realization.
2. Realization of collateral shall be notified by modes agreed upon by parties. In case of no agreement, the secured party shall send a notice of realization of collateral directly to the securing party or by mode of authorization, postal service, electronic data message or another mode to the address provided by the securing party.
In case the securing party changes its/his/her address without notifying such to the secured party, the address previously provided by the securing party, stated in the security contract or indicated in information stored at the security measure registration office shall be used for notification.
3. In case an asset is used as security for performance of multiple obligations or is held by another party, a notice of collateral realization shall be sent concurrently to the securing party, other secured parties (if any) and collateral holder.
In case an asset is used for performance of multiple obligations and there are multiple secured parties, in addition to the notification modes specified in Clause 2 of this Article, collateral realization may be notified by mode of registration of notice of collateral realization in accordance with the law on registration of security measures.
4. The time limit for notification of collateral realization to securing parties must comply with relevant agreements in security contracts or other agreements. In case of no agreement, a reasonable time limit may be applied which must be at least 10 days for movables or at least 15 days for immovables before the expected date of collateral realization, unless the collateral is immediately realized under Clause 1, Article 300 of the Civil Code.
In case collaterals are listed securities or commodities on commodity exchanges or other movables whose prices may be specifically and clearly determined on the market, Clause 3, Article 52 of this Decree must be complied with.
Article 52.
Handover of collateral and realization of pledged or mortgaged property
1. The parties may reach agreement on handover and realization of part or the whole of collateral.
In case an obligation is secured with multiple assets but the parties have no agreement on choice of collateral for realization and it is not otherwise provided by relevant laws, the secured party may choose a collateral to be realized or realize all collaterals.
2. In case the parties agree on realization of pledged or mortgaged property by mode of auction and reach separate agreements on auction procedures and organization of property auction, the realization of such property shall be carried out under such agreements. In case of no separate agreements, they shall comply with regulations on property auction.
3. In case the parties reach no agreement on modes of realization of collaterals while the collaterals are listed securities, commodities on commodity exchanges or other movables whose prices can be specifically and clearly determined on the market, the secured party may sell such assets at prices on stock exchanges or other related exchanges but shall, before selling them, notify such in advance to the securing party and other secured parties (if any).
4. The time limit for realization of collaterals must comply with relevant agreements in security contracts or other agreements. In case of no agreement, secured parties shall decide on the realization time limit after performing the notification obligation under Clause 4, Article 51 of this Decree.
5. Securing parties or current collateral holders are obliged to hand over collaterals to secured parties according to notices of collateral realization specified in Article 51 of this Decree.
6. In case securing parties or current collateral holders fail to hand over collaterals, secured parties may check and inspect actual state of collaterals in order to prevent dispersion of collaterals, for realization thereof, or request a court to settle the case.
7. In case collateral holders are third parties, securing parties and collateral holders shall coordinate with secured parties in checking and inspecting the actual state of collaterals.
8. Securing parties or current collateral holders that fail to hand over collaterals under agreements or under Article 301 of the Civil Code, fail to coordinate with secured parties or obstruct checking and inspection of the actual state of collaterals, thus causing damage to secured parties, shall pay damages.
Article 53.
Rights and obligations of the secured party pending realization of collateral
1. The secured party shall preserve and keep the collateral in case the collateral is kept for realization.
2. Pending realization of the collateral, the secured party may exploit or use the collateral or permit the securing party or authorize a third party to exploit or use the collateral in conformity with its functions and utilities. The permission or authorization for the exploitation or use of the collateral or handling of yields and profits gained from the exploitation or use of the collateral must be recorded in writing.
3. Yields and profits gained from the exploitation or use of the collateral shall be used to pay for the secured obligation to the secured party after subtracting expenses necessary for the exploitation or use of the collateral.
Article 54.
Realization of the collateral being integrated objects; property with attached assets; the right to claim debts, receivables, or other payments; valuable papers, securities, savings deposit balance; bills of lading, transport documents
1. The secured party may simultaneously realize all components or parts of the collateral which are integrated objects. In case the collateral includes multiple attached assets, each of these assets shall be realized if they can be divided, or all of them shall be realized, if they cannot be divided.
2. The secured party may request a third party who has the payment obligation, debt repayment obligation or another obligation to transfer money amounts or other property to the former. The secured party shall prove its/his/her rights when so requested by the obligor.
3. The secured party shall realize the collateral being valuable papers, securities, or savings deposit balance at credit institutions or foreign bank branches as agreed upon by the parties or under Article 52 of this Decree.
4. When exercising the right to possession of cargos stated in a bill of lading or transport document used as the collateral, the secured party shall be obliged to produce such bill of lading or transport document according to the procedures provided by the maritime law, aviation law or another relevant law. In case it is not provided by any of these laws, the realization of cargos stated in the bill of lading or transport document must comply with Article 52 of this Decree.
5. In case the secured party is also the person with payment obligation, it/he/she may offset its/his/her obligation from the collected money amounts or property as specified in this Article.
Article 55.
Realization of collateral being future property
The realization of collateral being future property shall be carried out as agreed upon by the parties. Such an agreement may contain the following contents:
1. In case the collateral has not yet been formed, or the collateral has been formed without a certificate granted, for the collateral subject to registration under regulations, the secured party may transfer the contract on purchase and sale of property or another contract on the establishment of rights over future property, receive the collateral as a substitute for the performance of the secured obligation, or sell future property in accordance with law;
2. In case the collateral has been formed and the securing party has established ownership rights over such collateral, the secured party may receive this collateral as a substitute for performance of the secured obligation or realize it under general regulations on the realization of collateral with regard to the existing property.
Article 56.
Realization of mortgaged property in which the investment is made
1. In case the investment in mortgaged property specified in Article 20 of this Decree gives rise to a new property or results in an increase in the property (below collectively referred to as new property) which does not belong to the mortgaged property as agreed upon in the mortgage contract:
a/ If the new property can be detached from the mortgaged property without causing loss or reduction of the value of the mortgaged property as compared with the new property’s value before the investment, the new property shall not be realized but shall be transferred by the mortgagee to the investor;
b/ If the new property cannot be detached as specified at Point a of this Clause, it shall be realized and its value shall be paid by the mortgagee to the investor.
2. In case the new property is used for mortgage and concurrently for securing the performance of other obligations, regulations on one property used to secure the performance of multiple obligations shall prevail.
3. In case the new property is no longer used for mortgage but is used to secure the performance of other obligations:
a/ If the new property can be detached from the mortgaged property without causing loss or reduction of the value of the mortgaged property compared with the new property’s value before the investment, the new secured party may detach the property portion it/he/she receives as security;
b/ If the new property cannot be detached as specified at Point a of this Clause, it shall be realized under Point b, Clause 1 of this Article. The value of the new property shall be paid by the mortgagee to another secured party.
4. The mortgagee may receive damages specified in Clause 4, Article 20 of this Decree from the proceeds from the realization of the mortgaged property.
5. In case the realization of collateral in which the investment is made under another security measure for which the parties do not otherwise agree or relevant laws do not otherwise provide, Clauses 1, 2, 3 and 4 of this Article shall prevail.
Article 57.
Reclaiming collateral
1. The securing party may reclaim the collateral in the following cases:
a/ It/he/she has fulfilled obligations in accordance with Article 302 of the Civil Code;
b/ The collateral has been replaced or exchanged with another property;
c/ The secured obligations have been paid by the mode of offsetting obligations;
d/ Other cases in which the collateral is not subject to realization as agreed upon or as provided by the Civil Code or another relevant law.
2. In the cases specified in Clause 1 of this Article in which the law on property auction or another relevant law requires performance of an obligation before reclaiming collateral, the securing party may reclaim the collateral only after it/he/she has fulfilled such obligation.
Article 58.
Purchase, receipt of transfer or receipt of otherwise assignment of ownership rights over collateral
1. The purchaser, transferee or otherwise assignee of ownership rights over collateral (below collectively referred to as the transferee) has the ownership rights over such collateral and may be granted a certificate by a competent agency in accordance with law.
The transferee of the collateral being shares or contributed capital amounts in a commercial legal person or non-commercial legal person being a social enterprise shall take over the securing party’s rights and obligations for such shares or contributed capital amounts.
2. In case the collateral has been realized and its ownership rights have been transferred, a competent agency shall apply one of the following documents to carry out the procedures for transfer of ownership rights to the transferee:
a/ The contract on purchase and sale, contract on transfer, contract on otherwise assignment of ownership rights over the collateral between the owner of the collateral or the person with the right to sell the collateral and the transferee;
b/ The contract on purchase and sale of auctioned property;
c/ The security contract or another document proving the transfer of ownership rights over the collateral.
3. If it is provided by law that the transfer of ownership rights over collateral requires a written approval of the owner of the collateral or a written agreement between the owner of the collateral or the person with the right to sell the collateral and the transferee, or between the judgment debtor and the transferee on the realization of collateral, a document specified in Clause 2 of this Article shall be used as a substitute for such approval or agreement.
4. The purchaser of the collateral through auction at a competent organization will have its/his/her interests protected in accordance with the Civil Code, Law on Property Auction and other relevant laws.
Article 59.
Receipt of collateral as a substitute for the performance of secured obligations
1. In case the securing party and the secured party agree on the realization of the collateral by the method that the secured party receives the collateral as a substitute for the performance of the secured obligation, the secured party may establish ownership rights over such collateral under Article 223 of the Civil Code.
2. The secured party shall provide a security contract or another document containing an agreement that it/he/she may receive the collateral as a substitute for the performance of the secured obligation and a certificate of the collateral (if any) to a competent agency for the latter to carry out the procedures for the transfer of ownership rights over the collateral or land use rights in accordance with relevant laws.
Chapter V
IMPLEMENTATION PROVISIONS
Article 60.
Effect
1. This Decree takes effect on May 15, 2021.
2. The Government’s Decree No. 163/2006/ND-CP of December 29, 2006, on security transactions, and the Government’s Decree No. 11/2012/ND-CP of February 22, 2012, amending and supplementing a number of articles of the Government’s Decree No. 163/2006/ND-CP of December 29, 2006, on security transactions, cease to be effective on the effective date of this Decree.
Article 61.
Transitional provisions
1. Security contracts and security measures established and implemented before the effective date of this Decree must comply with the Government’s Decree No. 163/2006/ND-CP of December 29, 2006, on security transactions, and the Government’s Decree No. 11/2012/ND-CP of February 22, 2012, amending and supplementing a number of articles of the Government’s Decree No. 163/2006/ND-CP of December 29, 2006, on security transactions.
2. If a security contract or security measure specified in Clause 1 of this Article has not yet been implemented or is being implemented with contents different from the provisions of this Decree, the parties may agree to modify or supplement such security contract or security measure in accordance with this Decree to serve the application of this Decree.
Article 62.
Implementation responsibility
1. The Minister of Justice shall organize the implementation of this Decree.
2. Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies, heads of government-attached agencies, chairpersons of provincial-level People’s Committees, and related agencies, organizations and individuals shall implement this Decree.-
On behalf of the Government
Prime Minister
NGUYEN XUAN PHUC
[1]
Công Báo Nos 487-488 (31/03/2021)
This feature is available to
English
or
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Processing, please wait...
You are not logged in.
This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to access detailed information on Related documents.
If you do not have an account, please
register here!
Processing, please wait...
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
VIETNAMESE DOCUMENTS
Decree 21/2021/NĐ-CP PDF (Original)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Decree 21/2021/NĐ-CP (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
ENGLISH DOCUMENTS
Official Gazette
Decree 21/2021/NĐ-CP (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Decree 21/2021/NĐ-CP (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
LuatVietnam's translation
Decree 21/2021/NĐ-CP (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Decree 21/2021/NĐ-CP (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
* Note:
To view documents downloaded from LuatVietnam.vn, please install DOC, DOCX and PDF file readers
For further support, please call
19006192
Log in
Register
Remember
Forgot password
Log in
Or log in via
* Required information
Username
Email
*
Password
*
Confirm Password
*
I agree to the
Terms & Conditions
and
Personal Data Protection Policy
of LuatVietnam
Register
Forgot password
Enter your account name to recover your password.
Send
Select folder
+ Add folder
Save
Back
Add folder
Bilingual Text
Nội dung tham chiếu