CONTRACT FORMATION UNDER VIETNAM'S LAW AT A GLANCE
Published: Tuesday 04/11/2023

Authors: Dr. Giang Bui Duc (HSB - Vietnam National University) and Thu Hang Le Thi (Diplomatic Academy of Vietnam)

DEFINITION OF CONTRACT
As defined in Article 385 of Civil Code 91/2015/QH13 dated November 24, 2015 (the Civil Code), "A contract means an agreement between parties in relation to the creation, modification or termination of civil rights and obligations."

As such, a contract means an agreement which gives way to the rights and obligations of the parties. This is the law between the parties subject to mandatory rules of the law governing the contract or the law where the contract is performed.

CONTRACT LANGUAGE
There is no general legal requirement that the language of a contract must be Vietnamese language.
Certain specialized laws may however impose the use of Vietnamese language. For instance, Article 138.4 of Law 50/2014/QH13 on Construction stipulates: "The language used in a construction contract must be Vietnamese. In case such contract involves a foreign party, the language used in the contract must be Vietnamese and other languages as agreed by the parties".
Law 59/2010/QH12 on Protection of Customer Interests adopts a more flexible approach in Article 14.2: "The language used in a contract signed with an individual customer must be Vietnamese, unless otherwise agreed by the parties or otherwise provided by law".

PRIVITY OF CONTRACT
Article 401 of the Civil Code provides: "From the time when a contract takes effect, the parties shall exercise the rights and perform the obligations to each other as undertaken."
As an exception to this principle, Articles 402.5, 415, 416 and 417 of the Civil Code recognize contracts for the benefit of a third person called third party beneficiary.

CONTENTS OF A CONTRACT (Article 398)
- Subject matter of the contract;
- Quantity and quality;
- Price and method of payment;
- Time limit, place and method of contract performance;
- Rights and obligations of the parties;
- Liability for breach of the contract;
- Method of dispute resolution.

FREEDOM OF CONTRACT
Article 3.2 of the Civil Code: "Individuals and legal entities create, perform and terminate their civil rights and obligations on the basis of free and voluntary commitments and agreement. Any commitment or agreement which does not breach a prohibition by a law or is not contrary to social morals is valid for performance by the parties and must be respected by other subjects".
Article 11.1 of the Commercial Law: "Parties have the right to reach agreements which are not inconsistent with law, fine customs and social ethics in order to create their rights and obligations in commercial activities. The State respects and protects these rights".

FORMAL REQUIREMENTS (Article 119)
Civil transactions may be created verbally, in writing or through specific acts. Civil transactions by way of electronic means in the form of data messages in accordance with the law on e-transactions shall be deemed to be written transactions. Where a law provides that a civil transaction must be in writing, notarized, certified and/or registered, such provisions must be complied with.

CONTRACT DURATION (Articles 400, 401)
A contract lawfully entered into comes into effect from the time when it is entered into, unless otherwise agreed or otherwise provided by a law. The time when a written contract is entered into is the time when the last party signs the contract or accepts to enter into the contract by another method of acceptance which is expressed in writing.

APPLICATION LAW AND JURISDICTION
Within certain limits, the parties to an international contract may agree to choose the law applicable to their contract (Article 683.1). In the absence of party choice, the law of the country having the closest connection with such contract prevails.

Article 683.2 - Closest connection rules:
(a) Sale of goods: law of seller's country
(b) Services: law of service provider's country
(c) Transfer of IP rights: law of transferee's country
(d) Labor contract: law of employee's regular work country
(e) Consumption contract: law of consumer's residence

Limits:
- Immovable property: law of country where property is located (Art. 683.4)
- Labor/consumption contracts: Vietnamese law applies if chosen law adversely affects minimum benefits (Art. 683.5)

Jurisdiction: Parties may agree on foreign court or arbitrator (Art. 472.1.a CPC). Vietnamese courts have exclusive jurisdiction for immovable property in Vietnam (Art. 470.1.a CPC).
