Source URL: https://english.luatvietnam.vn/decreeno68-2026-nd-cpdatedmarch052026ofthegovernmentprovidingtaxpoliciesandtaxadministrationforbusinesshouseholdsandbusinessind-427630-doc1.html
Downloaded: 2026-07-21 10:08:07
Title: Decree 68/2026/ND-CP tax policies and tax administration for business households and individuals
================================================================================

Decree 68/2026/ND-CP tax policies and tax administration for business households and individuals
Home
Legal Normative Documents
New documents
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
News
Services
Available translation
On-demand translation
Vietnamese
Home
Legal Normative Documents
Commerce - Advertising; Policy; Tax - Fee - Charge
Search
Advanced Search
Advanced search for legal documents
Filter by
Reset
Types of documents
Law
Ordinance
Decree
Decision
Circular
Joint Circular
Resolution
Directive
Official Dispatch
Regulation
Instruction
Notice
Order
Official Telegram
Plan
Report
Code
Consolidated Text
Convention
Agreement
Treaty
Protocol
Agreement
Treaty
Issuing bodies
Committee for Physical Trainning and Sports
Committee for Population, Family and Children
Council of Ministers
Department of Hanoi public health care
General Department of Customs
General Department of Forestry
General Department of Land Administration
General Department of Post and Telecommunications
General Department of Statistics
General Department of Taxation
General Department of Tourism
Government
Government Commission for Organizational Personnel
Government Committee for Prices
Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
Ministry of Aquatic Products
Ministry of Construction
Ministry of Culture - Information
Ministry of Culture and Information
Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism
Ministry of Education and Training
Ministry of Finance
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Health
Ministry of Home Affairs
Ministry of Industry
Ministry of Industry and Trade
Ministry of Information and Communications
Ministry of Justice
Ministry of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs
Ministry of National Defence
Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment
Ministry of Planning and Investment
Ministry of Post and Telecommunications
Ministry of Public Security
Ministry of Science and Technology
Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment
Ministry of Trade
Ministry of Transport
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
National Assembly Standing Committee
National Committee for International Economic Co-operation
National Committee for Population and Family Planning
Office of the Government
Office of the National Assembly
People' Committee of Ho Chi Minh City
People's Committee of Hanoi
People's Supereme Court
People's Supereme Procuracy
Political Bureau
Prime Minister
Socialist Republic of Vietnam
State Bank
State Bank of Vietnam
State Committee for Co-operation and Investment (SCCI)
State Committee for Ethnic Minorities and Mountainous Areas
State Committee for Planning
State Council
State Securities Commission
The Ethnic Minority Committee
The Judges's Council of the Supreme People's Court
The President
Vietnam Labor General Confederation
Vietnam Social Security
Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee
All fields
Culture - Sports - Tourism
Information - Communications
Agriculture - Forestry
Natural Resources - Environment
Justice
Criminal
Civil law
Marriage and family
Electricity
Bidding - Competition
Appeal - Accuse
Press - Television
Insurance
Emulation - Commendation - Discipline
Administrative border
Commerce - Advertising
Food and drug
Saving - Anti-corruption
National Security
Cadres - Civil Servants
Residence - Population
Immigration
Accounting - Audit
Securities
Navigation
Aquatic products
National defence
Intellectual property
Transport
Administration
Administrative violation
Policy
Enterprise
Organizational structure
Others
Customs
Construction
Science - Technology
Industry
Foreign affairs
Health
Public order
Labor - Salary
Export - Import
Education - Training - Vocational training
Tax - Fee - Charge
Land - Housing
Finance - Banking
Investment
Effect status
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Signers
Abdellatif Ouahbi
Abdelwaheb Abdallah
Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdullah Ali Abdullah Al Yahaya
Abdullah bin Sultan bin Awad Al Nuaimi
Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan
Adisai Bodharamik
Alastair Goodlad
Amaret Sila_on
Amnuay Viravan
Andre Ouellet
Andrew S.Natsisos
Ang Vong Vathana
Anna Lindstedt
Arifin M. Siregar
Au Anh Tuan
B.G (NS) George Yong-Boon Yeo
Bac-ba-ra Su-ma-nop-xka
Bach Thi Minh Huyen
Banh Tien Long
Battsetseg Batmunkh
Be-a-ta Xo-ten-mac
Berkesi Laszlos
Bernard K.Mambe
Bhuvesh Chaturvedi
Brain Cowen
Bui Anh Tuan
Bui Ba Bong
Bui Cach Tuyen
Bui Hong Linh
Bui Hong Minh
Bui Huu Toan
Bui Manh Cuong
Bui Manh Hai
Bui Nguyen Long
Bui Pham Khanh
Bui Quang Vinh
Bui Thanh Son
Bui The Duy
Bui Thi Quynh Van
Bui Thien Ngo
Bui Van Cuong
Bui Van Ga
Bui Van Khang
Bui Van Nam
Bui Van Suong
Bui Xuan Cuong
Bui Xuan Dung
Bui Xuan Khu
Bui Xuan Minh
Bui Xuan Son
Cao Anh Tuan
Cao Duc Phat
Cao Lai Quang
Cao Minh Quang
Cao Quoc Hung
Cao Si Kiem
Cao Viet Sinh
Caryn R. McClelland
Cear V.Purisma
Cecilia Piccioni
Cham Nimul
Cham Pradidh
Cham Prasidh
Chan Sek Keong
Charlotte Laursen
Chau Hue Cam
Chou Vichith
Chu Hao
Chu Ngoc Anh
Chu Pham Ngoc Hien
Chu Tuan Cap
Chu Tuan Nha
Chu Van Nguyen
Chu Van Thinh
Chu Xuan Dung
Commodore(Ns) Teo Chee Hean
Cristian Barros
Cu Ngoc Oanh
Dam Huu Dac
Dam Thi Hoa
Dang cap nhat
Dang Dinh Lam
Dang Dinh Luu
Dang Hanh Thu
Dang Hoang An
Dang Hong Nam
Dang Hung Vo
Dang Huu
Dang Huy Dong
Dang Huynh Mai
Dang Nghiem Chinh
Dang Ngoc Minh
Dang Ngoc Tung
Dang Nhu Loi
Dang Quang Phuong
Dang Quoc Tien
Dang Son Tung
Dang Thanh Binh
Dang Thi Bich Lien
Dang Thi Binh An
Dang Van Tao
Dang Van Tin
Dang Vu Chu
Daniel Tomlinson
Dao Dinh Binh
Dao Hong Lan
Dao Minh Tu
Dao Ngoc Dung
Dao Xuan Hoc
Da-So-Gan-Bon-Do
Dato’ Seri Paduka Haji Kifrawi
DATO’ SRI ONG TEE KEAT
Dick Kling
Diep Kinh Tan
Diep Kinh Tan
Dinh Anh Tuan
Dinh Huu Phi
Dinh La Thang
Dinh Ngoc Thang
Dinh Quang Ngu
Dinh Tien Dung
Dinh Trung Tung
Dinh Van Nha
Dinh Viet Son
Dlamini Zuma
Do Duc Duy
Do Duc Tien
Do Hai Dung
Do Hoang Anh Tuan
Do Huu Hao
Do Ngoc Huynh
Do Nguyen Phuong
Do Nhu Dinh
Do Quang Trung
Do Que Luong
Do Qui Doan
Do Quoc Sam
Do Quy Doan
Do Quy Doan
Do Thang Hai
Do Thanh Binh
Do Thi Xuan Phuong
Do Trung Ta
Do Van Dong
Do Van Sinh
Do Xuan Tuyen
Doan Hoang Minh
Doan Hong Phong
Doan Manh Giao
Doan Mau Diep
Doan Thai Son
Doan Van Viet
Doan Xuan Hung
Doan Xuan Toan
Duong Anh Duc
Duong Duc Tuan
Duong Gia Trien
Duong Quoc Anh
Duong Thu Huong
Duong Tri Dung
Ephraim Ben Matityau
Erik Derycke
Evgeny Shestakov
George Vella
Gia Tan Dinh
Giang Seo Phu
H. A.F.M.O van Mierlo
Ha Cong Tuan
Ha Hung
Ha Hung Cuong
Haike Manning
Hans Winkler
Hirofumi Nakasone
Ho Anh Tuan
Ho Dieu Bang
Ho Duc Phoc
Ho Huan Nghiem
Ho Nghia Dung
Ho Quoc Dung
Ho Te
Ho Thi Kim Thoa
Ho Xuan Hung
Hoang Cong Dung
Hoang Manh Hien
Hoang Minh Duc
Hoang Minh Hao
Hoang Minh Son
Hoang Minh Tuan Anh
Hoang Nghia Mai
Hoang Quoc Vuong
Hoang Quy
Hoang Sy Thanh
Hoang The Lien
Hoang Thi Ha Giang
Hoang Thi Tuyet Hoa
Hoang Trung
Hoang Trung Hai
Hoang Tuan Anh
Hoang Van Huay
Hoang Van Nghien
Hoang Van Phong
Hoang Van Thang
Hoang Viet Cuong
Hoang Vu Thanh
Hon. Robert Debus
HOR Namhong
Hu Cha-Chi
Hua Duc Nhi
Huynh Huu Phuc
Huynh Ngoc Thanh
Huynh Phong Tranh
Huynh Quang Hai
Huynh Thi Nhan
Huynh Vinh Ai
Jack Straw
Jan Vapaavuori
Joaquim Verissimo
John C Tsang
John Sydney Dawkins
Joseisidro N.Camacho
JUSMAN SYAFII DJAMAL
Kham Ouane Boupha
Khong co
Khuat Van Nga
KRASIMIR TSIPOV
Kwon Jong-rak
La Ngoc Khue
Lai Quang Thuc
Lam Thi Phuong Thanh
LASZLO TROCSANYI
Le Anh Tuan
Le Bach Hong
Le Chiem
Le Cong Phung
Le Cong Thanh
Le Danh Vinh
Le Dinh Tho
Le Dinh Tien
Le Doan Hop
Le Duc Anh
Le Duc Luan
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duong Quang
Le Duy Dong
Le Hoa Binh
Le Hoai Trung
Le Hong Anh
Le Hong Hai
Le Hong Nam
Le Hong Nga
Le Hong Son
Le Hung Son
Le Huy Con
Le Huy Ngo
Le Huy Vinh
Le Manh Hung
Le Minh Hoan
Le Minh Hung
Le Minh Huong
Le Minh Khai
Le Minh Ngan
Le Minh Tri
Le Nam Thang
Le Ngoc Hoan
Le Ngoc Trong
Le Quan
Le Quang Cuong
Le Quang Hung
Le Quang Tung
Le Quoc Doanh
Le Quoc Dung
Le Quoc Hung
Le Quoc Khanh
Le Quy Vuong
Le Quy Vuong
Le Tan Can
Le Tan Dung
Le Thanh Do
Le Thanh Liem
Le Thanh Long
Le Thanh Nghi
Le The Tiem
Le Thi Bang Tam
Le Thi Bich Thuan
Le Thi Thu Hang
Le Trung Chinh
Le Van Bang
Le Van Chau
Le Van Khoa
Le Van Tan
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Toan
Le Van Triet
Le Van Truyen
Le Van Tuyen
Le Van Uyen
Le Viet Dung
Le Vinh Tan
Le Vu Hung
Le Xuan Dinh
Le Xuan Trinh
LEANDRO R. MENDOZA
Lee Hsien Long
Lim Hng Kiang
Lim Jock Seng
Lo Thi Nhu
Luong Cuong
Luong Le Phuong
Luong Quoc Dung
Luong Tam Quang
Luong Thi Toi
Luong Van Tu
Luu Chan Dan
Luu Duc Huy
Luu Duc Sau
Luu Duc Tuyen
Luu Manh Tuong
Luu Tran Tieu
Macabangkit Lanto
Mai Ai Truc
Mai Liem Truc
Mai Luong Khoi
Mai Son
Mai Thi Thu Van
Mai Tien Dung
Mai Van Chinh
Mai Van Dau
Mai Xuan Thanh
MAJOR GENERAL THEIN SWE
Manuel M. Dayrit
Marcy Claudio Lopes
Mari Elka Pangestu
Maria Esther Reus Gonzalez
Martin Malvy
Maxim Alexandrovich Travnikov
MICHAEL KEENAN
Michael O. Leavitt
Miguel Angel Moratinos Cuyaube
Miguel Marin Bosch
Mike Penning
Mikulas BEK
Mingkwan Songsuwan
Mohammad Maruf
Muhyiddin Bin Mohammad Yassin
N.Ba-ga-Ban-di
NA-DA MA-LA-GOA-RA-CHI
Nam Viyaketh
Ngo Duy Hieu
Ngo Hai Phan
Ngo The Dan
Ngo Thi Kim Yen
Ngo Thi Minh
Ngo Xuan Hue
Ngo Xuan Lich
Ngo Xuan Loc
Nguen Hoang Tuan
Nguyen An Luong
Nguyen Anh Tuan
Nguyen Ba Hoan
Nguyen Bac Hai
Nguyen Bac Son
Nguyen Bich Dat
Nguyen Cam Tu
Nguyen Cao Luc
Nguyen Chi Dung
Nguyen Cong Binh
Nguyen Cong Dan
Nguyen Cong Nghiep
Nguyen Cong Su
Nguyen Cong Tan
Nguyen Cong Thanh
Nguyen Dai Thanh
Nguyen Dai Tri
Nguyen Danh Huy
Nguyen Danh Thai
Nguyen Dinh Bin
Nguyen Dinh Bong
Nguyen Dinh Khang
Nguyen Dinh Lieu
Nguyen Dinh Loc
Nguyen Dinh Toan
Nguyen Dong Tien
Nguyen Duc Chi
Nguyen Duc Chinh
Nguyen Duc Chung
Nguyen Duc Huy
Nguyen Duc Minh
Nguyen Duc Quang
Nguyen Duc Tam
Nguyen Duong Thai
Nguyen Duy Giang
Nguyen Duy Lam
Nguyen Duy Minh
Nguyen Duy Ngoc
Nguyen Duy Nien
Nguyen Duy Thang
Nguyen Dy Nien
Nguyen Hai Phong
Nguyen Hanh Phuc
Nguyen Hoa Binh
Nguyen Hoang Anh
Nguyen Hoang Hiep
Nguyen Hoang Long
Nguyen Hong Dien
Nguyen Hong Nhi
Nguyen Hong Quan
Nguyen Hong Truong
Nguyen Huu Chi
Nguyen Huu Do
Nguyen Huu Hoai
Nguyen Huu Hung
Nguyen Huu Nghiep
Nguyen Huu Tan
Nguyen Huu Tri
Nguyen Huu Vu
Nguyen Huy Ban
Nguyen Huy Dung
Nguyen Huy Hieu
Nguyen Huy Hoan
Nguyen Huy Luan
Nguyen Huy Tien
Nguyen Huy Tuong
Nguyen Khac Dinh
Nguyen Khanh
Nguyen Khanh Ngoc
Nguyen Khanh Toan
Nguyen Khoa Diem
Nguyen Kim Anh
Nguyen Kim Ly
Nguyen Kim Son
Nguyen Ky Cam
Nguyen Linh Ngoc
Nguyen Loc An
Nguyen Luong Trao
Nguyen Mai
Nguyen Manh Cam
Nguyen Manh Dong
Nguyen Manh Ha
Nguyen Manh Hien
Nguyen Manh Hung
Nguyen Manh Khuong
Nguyen Manh Kiem
Nguyen Minh Hien
Nguyen Minh Hong
Nguyen Minh Quang
Nguyen Minh Thao
Nguyen Minh Thong
Nguyen Minh Triet
Nguyen Minh Tuan
Nguyen Minh Vu
Nguyen Nam Binh
Nguyen Nam Hai
Nguyen Ngoc Bao
Nguyen Ngoc Canh
Nguyen Ngoc Dong
Nguyen Ngoc Hien
Nguyen Ngoc Hong
Nguyen Ngoc Lan
Nguyen Ngoc Phi
Nguyen Ngoc Thien
Nguyen Ngoc Tuan
Nguyen Ngoc Tuc
Nguyen Ngoc Vinh
Nguyen Nhac
Nguyen Nhat
Nguyen Nhat Kha
Nguyen Phu Binh
Nguyen Phu Trong
Nguyen Phuoc Thanh
Nguyen Phuong Nga
Nguyen Quan
Nguyen Quang Dung
Nguyen Quang Ha
Nguyen Quang Huy
Nguyen Que Huong
Nguyen Quoc Dung
Nguyen Quoc Huy
Nguyen Quoc Thanh
Nguyen Quoc Tri
Nguyen Quoc Trieu
Nguyen Sinh Hung
Nguyen Sinh Nhat Tan
Nguyen Son
Nguyen Sy Hiep
Nguyen Tam Chien
Nguyen Tan Dung
Nguyen Tan Trinh
Nguyen Tan Van
Nguyen Thac Giap
Nguyen Thai Binh
Nguyen Thai Duong
Nguyen Thai Lai
Nguyen Thanh
Nguyen Thanh Bien
Nguyen Thanh Cung
Nguyen Thanh Hoa
Nguyen Thanh Hung
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Long
Nguyen Thanh Nghi
Nguyen Thanh Phong
Nguyen Thanh Son
Nguyen Thanh Tinh
Nguyen The Manh
Nguyen The Phuong
Nguyen Thi Bich Ngoc
Nguyen Thi Cuc
Nguyen Thi Ha
Nguyen Thi Hang
Nguyen Thi Hanh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Anh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Lan
Nguyen Thi Hong
Nguyen Thi Hong Minh
Nguyen Thi Huong Lan
Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan
Nguyen Thi Kim Phung
Nguyen Thi Kim Tien
Nguyen Thi Le
Nguyen Thi Le Thanh
Nguyen Thi Lien Huong
Nguyen Thi Minh
Nguyen Thi Minh Nguyet
Nguyen Thi Nghia
Nguyen Thi Phuong Hoa
Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong
Nguyen Thi Thu
Nguyen Thi Thu Phuong
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Xuan Thu
Nguyen Thi Xuyen
Nguyen Thien Luan
Nguyen Thien Nhan
Nguyen Thuy Hien
Nguyen Tien Dinh
Nguyen Tien Dung
Nguyen Tien Hong
Nguyen Tien Sam
Nguyen Tien Trung
Nguyen Tien Truong
Nguyen Toan Thang
Nguyen Tran Nam
Nguyen Tri Thuc
Nguyen Tri Tue
Nguyen Trong Dam
Nguyen Trong Dieu
Nguyen Trong Du
Nguyen Trung Khanh
Nguyen Trung Kien
Nguyen Truong Son
Nguyen Tuong Van
Nguyen Van An
Nguyen Van Binh
Nguyen Van Cam
Nguyen Van Can
Nguyen Van Chi
Nguyen Van Cong
Nguyen Van Dang
Nguyen Van Duc
Nguyen Van Duoc
Nguyen Van Giau
Nguyen Van Hien
Nguyen Van Hieu
Nguyen Van Hoi
Nguyen Van Hong
Nguyen Van Hung
Nguyen Van Huong
Nguyen Van Khai
Nguyen Van Lien
Nguyen Van Long
Nguyen Van Nen
Nguyen Van Nganh
Nguyen Van Ngu
Nguyen Van Phuc
Nguyen Van Phung
Nguyen Van Rinh
Nguyen Van San
Nguyen Van Sanh
Nguyen Van Sinh
Nguyen Van Suu
Nguyen Van Thang
Nguyen Van Thanh
Nguyen Van The
Nguyen Van Tho
Nguyen Van Thuong
Nguyen Van Tien
Nguyen Van Trung
Nguyen Van Tung
Nguyen Van Vinh Chau
Nguyen Van Vong
Nguyen Vi Ninh
Nguyen Viet Hung
Nguyen Viet Thang
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Vinh Hien
Nguyen Xuan Chuan
Nguyen Xuan Cuong
Nguyen Xuan Duong
Nguyen Xuan Phuc
Nguyen Xuan Quang
Nguyen Xuan Sang
Nguyen Xuan Thanh
Nguyen Xuan Thao
Nguyen Xuan Thuy
Nicola Louise Roxon
Nong Duc Manh
Nong Phi Quang
Obaid Humaid Al Tayer
Oldemiro Julio Marques Baloi
Olga Algajerova
OsMan Giines
Pan Sorasak
Patrizia Toia
Paula Lehtomaki
Pedro Mejia Gomez
PEHIN DATO ABU BAKAR APONG
Peter B.Favila
Peter D. Garrucho
Peter Ricketts
Peter Szijjarto
Pham Binh Minh
Pham Cong Tac
Pham Duc Long
Pham Duy Anh
Pham Duy Khuong
Pham Gia Khiem
Pham Gia Tuc
Pham Hoang Duc
Pham Hong Giang
Pham Hong Ha
Pham Hong Hai
Pham Khoi Nguyen
Pham Le Tuan
Pham Manh Hung
Pham Manh Thang
Pham Minh Chinh
Pham Minh Ha
Pham Minh Huan
Pham Ngac
Pham Ngoc Thuong
Pham Quang Dung
Pham Quang Nghi
Pham Quang Ngoc
Pham Quang Tuyen
Pham Quang Vinh
Pham Quoc Anh
Pham Quoc Hung
Pham Quy Ngo
Pham Quy Tieu
Pham Quy Ty
Pham Si Chien
Pham Si Danh
Pham Sy Chung
Pham Sy Danh
Pham Thanh Binh
Pham Thanh Ha
Pham The Minh
Pham Thi Hai Chuyen
Pham Thi Thanh Tra
Pham Tien Dung
Pham Van Dinh
Pham Van Hau
Pham Van Huyen
Pham Van Khanh
Pham Van Phuong
Pham Van Tra
Pham Van Trong
Pham Vu Luan
Pham Xuan Tien
Phan Chi Hieu
Phan Khac Hai
Phan Quang Trung
Phan Tam
Phan Thai Dung
Phan The Rue
Phan Thi My Linh
Phan Thi Thang
Phan Tien Lan
Phan Trung Kien
Phan Van Anh
Phan Van Da
Phan Van Dinh
Phan Van Giang
Phan Van Khai
Phan Van Mai
Phan Van Men
Phan Van Tiem
Phan Van Trong
Phi Dang Minh
Phi Van Tuan
Pho-do-ri-co Gon-xa-let Phran-co
Phung Duc Tien
Phung Khac Ke
Phung Ngoc Hung
Phung Quang Thanh
Phung Xuan Nha
Phuong Huu Oanh
Pierre.S.Pettigrew
Pirapan Salirathavibhaga
Pra-Chuop Chai-Ya-San
Quach Dang Hoa
Rafael Catala Polo
Rafidah Aziz
Rashid Tussupbekov
RAYMOND LIM
Rini M.S. Soewandi
Rizalino S. Navarro
ROBERT PELIKAN
Ryszard Michalski
Saadi Salama
Sergey Lavrov
SOMMAD PHOLSENA
SOPHON ZARAM
Soulivong Daravong
SUSHILKUMAR SHINDE
T. Ariwibowo
Ta Anh Tuan
Ta Ca
Ta Manh Hung
Ta Quang Dong
Ta Quang Khanh
Ta Quang Ngoc
Ta Quoc Trung
Ta Thi Phuong Lan
Tan Sri Abdul Gani Patail
Tang Chi Thuong
Tao Huu Phung
TAUCH CHANKOSAL
Tea Varak
Thai Van Tai
Tharman Shanmugaratnam
Thi Van Tam
Thongbanh Sengaphone
Tibor Navracsics
To Anh Dung
To Lam
To Tu Ha
Tong Anh Hao
Tong Thi Minh
Tong Van Nga
Toshiko Abe
Tran Anh Tuan
Tran Chi Dao
Tran Chi Liem
Tran Chien Thang
Tran Cong Phan
Tran Dai Quang
Tran Dinh Duy
Tran Dinh Hoan
Tran Dinh Khoa
Tran Dinh Lieu
Tran Doan Tho
Tran Duc Lai
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Dung Ha
Tran Duy Dong
Tran Hanh
Tran Hiep Hung
Tran Hong Ha
Tran Lum
Tran Luu Quang
Tran Minh Phuc
Tran Minh Tuan
Tran Ngoc Binh
Tran Ngoc Liem
Tran Ngoc Thien
Tran Quan
Tran Quang Bao
Tran Quang Lam
Tran Quang Quy
Tran Quoc Khanh
Tran Quoc Phuong
Tran Quoc Thang
Tran Quy Kien
Tran Thanh Hai
Tran Thanh Man
Tran Thanh Nam
Tran The Ngoc
Tran Thi Thanh Binh
Tran Thi Thanh Thanh
Tran Thi Trung Chien
Tran Thu
Tran Tien Dung
Tran Tuan Anh
Tran Van Chung
Tran Van Dang
Tran Van Dung
Tran Van Hieu
Tran Van Son
Tran Van Ta
Tran Van Thuan
Tran Van Truyen
Tran Van Tu
Tran Van Tuan
Tran Van Tung
Tran Viet Tan
Tran Viet Thanh
Tran Vinh Tuyen
Tran Xuan Gia
Tran Xuan Ha
Trieu Van Be
Trinh Dinh Dung
Trinh Hong Duong
Trinh Quan Huan
Trinh Thi Thuy
Trinh To Tam
Trinh Xuan Truong
Truong Chi Trung
Truong Chinh
Truong Dinh Tuyen
Truong Hoa Binh
Truong Minh Tuan
Truong Quang Nghia
Truong Quoc Cuong
Truong Tan Sang
Truong Tan Vien
Truong Thanh Hoai
Truong Thi Mai
Truong Van Doan
Truong Vinh Trong
Ts. Hamid Awaludin
TSEND NYAMDORJ
U Khin Maung Win
U Soe Tha
Uong Chu Luu
Van Trong Ly
Vilay LAKHAMPHONG
Vince Henderson
Vitezslav Grepl
Vo Chi Cong
Vo Hong Phuc
Vo Minh Luong
Vo Thai Hoa
Vo Thanh Hung
Vo Tuan Nhan
Vo Van Hoan
Vo Van Hung
Vo Van Kiet
Vo Van Minh
Vo Van Thuong
Vu Bang
Vu Cao Cuong
Vu Chien Thang
Vu Duc Dam
Vu Dung
Vu Hai Quan
Vu Hai San
Vu Hong Khanh
Vu Hong Nam
Vu Hong Thuan
Vu Huy Hoang
Vu Khac Lien
Vu Khoan
Vu Le Quan
Vu Manh Ha
Vu Mong Giao
Vu Ngoc Anh
Vu Thi Lien
Vu Thi Mai
Vu Trong Hong
Vu Tuan Canh
Vu Tuan Cuong
Vu Van Ninh
Vu Van Tam
Vu Van Truong
Vuong Dinh Hue
Vy Trong Toan
Watana Muangsook
Yahya AKKURT
Yeo Cheow Tong
Yoon Young – Kwan
Yoriko Kawaguchi
Yrou Young - Kwan
Yury Nazaranka
Zafar Sh. Ruziev
Zdravko Marie
Zhakyp Assanov
Ziradin Jovanovic
Translation types
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
Summary
Content
Status
Vietnamese
Related documents
Diagram
Download
Bilingual Text
Please
log in
to your
Advanced Package
to view the full text. Do not have an account yet?
Register here
.
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Print
Share:
Text mode:
Light
|
Dark
Font size:
Send link to email
Send
Error message
Decree 68/2026/ND-CP tax policies and tax administration for business households and individuals
* Required information
Email
*
Content
*
Send
ATTRIBUTE
Decree No. 68/2026/ND-CP dated March 05, 2026 of the Government providing tax policies and tax administration for business households and business individuals
Issuing body:
Government
Effective date:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Official number:
68/2026/ND-CP
Signer:
Ho Duc Phoc
Type:
Decree
Expiry date:
Updating
Issuing date:
05/03/2026
Effect status:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Fields:
Commerce - Advertising
,
Policy
,
Tax - Fee - Charge
For more details,
click here.
Download files
here.
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
Effect status:
Known
The Effect status of this document is known.This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to view Effect status. Don’t have an account?
Register here
THE GOVERNMENT
_______
No. 68/2026/ND-CP
THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Independence - Freedom - Happiness
_______________________
Hanoi, March 5, 2026
DECREE
Providing tax policies and tax administration for business households and business individuals
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of the Government No. 63/2025/QH15;
Pursuant to the Law on Tax Administration No. 108/2025/QH15;
Pursuant to the Law on Value-Added Tax No. 48/2024/QH15, amended and supplemented under Law No. 149/2025/QH15;
Pursuant to the Law on Personal Income Tax No. 109/2025/QH15;
Pursuant to the National Assembly's Resolution No. 198/2025/QH15 on a number of special mechanisms and policies for private economy development;
At the proposal of the Minister of Finance;
The Government hereby promulgates the Decree providing tax policies and tax administration for business households and business individuals.
Chapter I
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Article 1. Scope of regulation
This Decree provides tax policies, including value-added tax, personal income tax and other taxes; tax declaration, tax calculation, tax payment, tax finalization, handling of overpaid tax amounts, late-payment interest, and fines; the scope of responsibilities and methods for managers of e-commerce platforms and other digital platforms to conduct withholding, declaration on behalf of, and payment on behalf of the withheld tax amounts of business households and business individuals; responsibilities of organizations for declaration and payment of tax on behalf of in case of business cooperation with business households and business individuals; entering into contracts with business households and business individuals to act as agents selling at fixed prices for lottery, insurance, and multi-level marketing; use of e-invoices; and responsibilities of related organizations and individuals.
Article 2. Subjects of application
1. Taxpayers being business households and business individuals.
2. Tax offices at all levels and tax officers.
3. Other agencies, organizations, and individuals related to the performance of tax obligations of business households and business individuals.
Chapter II
TAX POLICIES APPLICABLE TO BUSINESS HOUSEHOLDS AND BUSINESS INDIVIDUALS
Article 3. Value-added tax
1. Business households and business individuals conducting production or business activities with annual turnover of VND 500 million or less shall not be subject to value-added tax.
2. Business households and business individuals conducting production or business activities with annual turnover exceeding VND 500 million shall be subject to value-added tax and shall apply the method of direct calculation of tax on turnover equal to the percentage (%) multiplied by turnover. The percentage rate and turnover for tax calculation shall comply with the Law on Value-Added Tax No. 48/2024/QH15 and its guiding documents.
Article 4. Personal income tax
1. Resident individuals conducting production or business activities, including individuals registering the establishment of a business household or persons authorized by household members to act as representatives of a business household (hereinafter referred to as business individuals), with annual turnover of VND 500 million or less shall not be required to pay personal income tax.
2. Business individuals with annual turnover exceeding the turnover threshold specified in Clause 1 of this Article shall pay tax in accordance with Article 7 of the Law on Personal Income Tax No. 109/2025/QH15.
3. For business individuals paying personal income tax in accordance with Clause 3 Article 7 of the Law on Personal Income Tax No. 109/2025/QH15, where an individual has multiple business lines applying different personal income tax rates or has multiple business locations, the individual may apply a deduction of VND 500 million before calculating personal income tax for one or several business lines or business locations selected by the individual under the most beneficial option, provided that the total deduction shall not exceed VND 500 million per year for the turnover of all business activities specified in this Clause.
Where the turnover from the selected business line or business location has not fully utilized the deduction of VND 500 million, the individual may continue applying the remaining deduction amount to the turnover of one or several other business lines or business locations until the total deduction reaches VND 500 million.
4. For individuals leasing out real estate and paying personal income tax in accordance with Clause 4 Article 7 of the Law on Personal Income Tax No. 109/2025/QH15:
a) Where an individual leases out multiple real estate properties at different locations, the individual may apply a deduction of VND 500 million before calculating personal income tax for one or several real estate lease contracts selected by the individual; however, the total deduction shall not exceed VND 500 million per year for all real estate lease contracts. Where the selected real estate lease contract has not yet reached the deductible amount of VND 500 million, the individual may continue selecting other real estate lease contracts to apply the remaining deduction until the total deduction reaches VND 500 million;
b) Where an individual leases out multiple real estate properties at different locations and the lease contract stipulates that the lessee shall declare and pay tax on behalf of the lessor, when selecting the real estate lease contract to apply the deduction amount for personal income tax calculation, the real estate lessor and the lessee must clearly specify in the lease contract the contents relating to declaration and payment of tax on behalf of and the amount deductible when calculating personal income tax. Where the real estate lease contract stipulates declaration and payment of tax on behalf of but the total deductible amount has not yet reached VND 500 million, the individual may continue selecting other real estate lease contracts to apply the remaining deduction until the total deduction reaches VND 500 million.
5. Tax calculation method
a) The personal income tax calculation method based on the tax rate multiplied by (x) taxable turnover shall apply to business individuals with annual turnover exceeding VND 500 million up to VND 03 billion. The personal income tax rate shall comply with the provisions of Clause 3 Article 7 of the Law on Personal Income Tax No. 109/2025/QH15;
b) The personal income tax calculation method based on taxable income multiplied (x) by the tax rate shall apply to business individuals with annual turnover exceeding VND 3 billion and in case where business individuals with annual turnover exceeding VND 500 million and up to VND 3 billion choose to apply this method. Taxable income shall be determined as turnover from goods or services sold minus (-) expenses related to production or business activities in the tax period. The personal income tax rate shall comply with the provisions of Clause 2 Article 7 of the Law on Personal Income Tax No. 109/2025/QH15;
c) Turnover and expenses shall be determined in accordance with Articles 5 and 6 of this Decree;
d) In case where business households or business individuals have turnover exceeding VND 3 billion or annual turnover exceeding VND 500 million and up to VND 3 billion and are applying the personal income tax calculation method based on taxable income multiplied (x) by the tax rate, such tax calculation method shall remain stable for 2 consecutive years from the first year of application. In case where business households or business individuals with annual turnover exceeding VND 500 million and up to VND 3 billion are applying the personal income tax calculation method based on the tax rate multiplied (x) by taxable turnover, if at the end of the year the actual annual turnover is determined to exceed VND 3 billion, then from the following year they must switch to applying the personal income tax calculation method based on taxable income multiplied (x) by the tax rate.
Article 5. Turnover for determination of personal income tax
1. Turnover means the total amount of money from the sale of goods, processing charges, and service provision, including subsidies, surcharges, and additional charges to which the business household or business individual is entitled, regardless of whether the money has been received or not; including bonuses received, amounts received from support for achieving sales targets, promotions, payment discounts, support received in cash or in kind, compensation for breach of contract, other compensation related to business activities, and other revenues received by the business individual regardless of whether the money has been received or not; excluding trade discounts, sales price reductions, and the value of returned goods.
2. Turnover in certain cases is specifically provided as follows:
a) For goods processing activities, turnover means the amount received from processing activities, including wages, expenses for fuel, power, auxiliary materials, and other expenses serving the processing of goods;
b) In case of sale of goods or provision of services by installment payment or deferred payment, turnover means the amount for sale of goods or services paid in a lump sum, excluding installment interest and deferred payment interest;
c) In case of delivery of goods to agents, turnover means the total amount from the sale of goods;
d) In case of acting as an agent selling goods at the price fixed by the principal, turnover means the commission received under the agency contract;
dd) For property leasing activities, turnover means the amount paid by the lessee in each period under the lease contract. Where the lessee pays in advance for multiple years, the turnover for determination of taxable income shall be allocated to the number of years for which the payment is made in advance or determined based on the lump-sum payment turnover;
e) For other service business activities where customers make advance payments for multiple years, the turnover for determination of taxable income shall be allocated to the number of years for which payment is made in advance or determined based on the lump-sum payment turnover;
g) For transport activities, turnover means the total revenue from passenger, cargo, and luggage transport arising in the tax period;
h) For construction and installation activities, turnover means the value of the work, the value of the work item, or the value of the completed volume of construction or installation accepted upon completion, including the value of materials, machinery, and equipment; in case where construction or installation does not include materials, machinery, and equipment, turnover means the amount from construction or installation activities excluding the value of materials, machinery, and equipment.
3. Time for determination of turnover
a) For goods sale activities: The time of transfer of ownership or the right to use goods to the purchaser;
b) For service provision activities: The time of completion of service provision or completion of each part of service provision to the purchaser, except for the service provision activities specified in Clause 2 of this Article.
Article 6. Deductible and non-deductible expenses upon determination of personal income tax
1. Deductible expenses are actual expenses incurred in relation to production or business activities, having sufficient invoices and documents in accordance with the law on invoices and documents and the law on accounting, and having non-cash payment documents for each payment of VND 5 million or more in accordance with the law on value-added tax, specifically as follows:
a) Expenses for raw materials, materials, fuel, energy, and goods used for production or business activities;
b) Expenses for salaries, wages, bonuses, allowances, compulsory insurance contributions, and other payments made to employees who participate in compulsory insurance in accordance with regulations; expenses for salaries, wages, allowances, and other payments made to employees working for less than one month;
c) Depreciation expenses of fixed assets serving production or business activities. The depreciation level of fixed assets included in deductible expenses shall comply with the regulations on management, use, and depreciation of fixed assets applicable to enterprises. Where fixed assets have been fully depreciated but continue to be used for production or business activities, no depreciation shall be calculated;
d) Expenses for outsourced services such as electricity, water, telephone, Internet, transport, asset leasing, repair, and maintenance having invoices and documents in accordance with law;
dd) Expenses for interest payments on loans used for production or business activities borrowed from credit institutions at the actual interest rate. Interest expenses on loans used for production or business activities borrowed from entities other than credit institutions shall not exceed the level prescribed in the Civil Code;
e) Other expenses directly serving production or business activities.
2. Non-deductible expenses upon determination of taxable incomes:
a) Expenses not related to production and business activities;
b) Expenses without sufficient invoices and documents as prescribed by law;
c) Salaries, wages, and other payments of salary nature of the business individual, group of business individuals, or members of a business household, except compulsory insurance contributions; salaries, wages, and other payments of salary nature that have been included in expenses but are not actually paid or do not have payment documents;
d) The portion of depreciation of fixed assets exceeding the prescribed level or depreciation for fixed assets not used for production or business activities;
dd) Expenses for administrative violation fines, contractual breach penalties, and compensation payments due to the fault of the business individual;
e) Residential land and structures serving residential purposes on such land, automobiles and other assets registered for ownership or use under the name of the individual, except automobiles and other assets registered for ownership or use for transport or tourism business purposes;
g) Expenses serving personal or family needs. Business individuals shall be responsible for separately monitoring expenses serving business activities and expenses serving personal or family needs.
Article 7. Other taxes
Where business households or business individuals conduct production or business activities involving goods or services subject to excise tax, natural resource tax, or environmental protection tax in accordance with tax laws, the determination of tax obligations shall comply with the law governing each corresponding tax.
Chapter III
TAX DECLARATION, TAX CALCULATION, TAX PAYMENT, TAX WITHHOLDING, USE OF E-INVOICES, AND HANDLING OF OVERPAID TAX AMOUNTS, LATE-PAYMENT INTEREST, AND FINES
Article 8. Principles of tax declaration, tax calculation, and use of invoices
1. Value-added tax and personal income tax declaration and calculation
a) Where a business household or business individual determines that its annual turnover from the production or business of goods or services is VND 500 million or less, the business household or business individual shall notify the tax office of the actual turnover arising in the year no later than January 31 of the following calendar year.
Where a business household or business individual generates actual turnover exceeding VND 500 million in a year, tax declaration and tax payment shall be carried out from the quarter in which revenue exceeding VND 500 million arises. The payable value-added tax and personal income tax shall be determined in accordance with Articles 3 and 4 of this Decree;
b) Where a business household or business individual determines that its annual turnover from the production or business of goods or services exceeds VND 500 million, including turnover already withheld, declared on behalf of, and paid on behalf of by organizations or individuals, value-added tax and personal income tax shall be calculated in accordance with Articles 3 and 4 of this Decree. Tax declaration and tax payment shall be carried out in accordance with Article 10 of this Decree.
Where a business household or business individual uses e-invoices bearing the tax office’s code or e-invoices generated from cash registers connected to the tax office’s data system, the Tax Administration Information System shall automatically generate tax declarations to assist the business household or business individual in declaring and calculating value-added tax and personal income tax on the basis of e-invoice data, tax administration databases, and other databases obtained by the tax office from other state agencies, organizations, or individuals. Such assistance by the tax office shall not replace the responsibility of the business household or business individual to declare taxes and determine the amount of tax payable. Business households and business individuals shall bear legal responsibility for the truthfulness and accuracy of their tax declaration dossiers.
2. Tax declaration and calculation for other taxes
Business households and business individuals shall determine the amount of tax payable in accordance with tax laws and shall declare and pay taxes within the value-added tax declaration period or within the same deadline for notification of actual turnover arising.
3. Deadlines for submission of tax declaration dossiers and tax payment
a) Where tax declaration is made quarterly, the deadline for submission of the tax declaration dossier shall be the last day of the first month of the following quarter;
b) Where tax declaration is made monthly, the deadline for submission of the tax declaration dossier shall be the 20
th
day of the month following the month in which the tax obligation arises, except in the case of tax declaration in accordance with Clause 1 Article 18 of this Decree;
c) Where personal income tax finalization declaration is made annually, the deadline for submission of the tax declaration dossier shall be March 31 of the following calendar year;
d) Where an individual directly declares tax for real estate leasing activities, the individual may choose to declare tax twice in the tax year or once for the tax year. Where tax is declared twice in the tax year, the deadline for submission of the first tax declaration dossier shall be July 31 of the tax year and the second shall be January 31 of the calendar year following the tax year. Where tax is declared once for the tax year, the deadline for submission of the tax declaration dossier shall be January 31 of the calendar year following the tax year;
dd) Where an organization leases real estate from an individual and the real estate lease contract stipulates that the lessee is responsible for declaring tax on behalf of and paying tax on behalf of the individual, the organization shall declare and pay tax on behalf of the individual. The deadline for submission of the tax declaration dossier shall be determined according to the payment period of the real estate lease.
Where an individual leases real estate to another individual, the lessor shall directly declare tax;
e) The deadline for tax payment shall be the last day of the deadline for submission of the tax declaration dossier. In case additional tax declaration dossier is submitted, the deadline for tax payment shall be the deadline for submission of the tax declaration dossier for the tax period in which the error or omission occurred.
4. Place of tax declaration and tax payment
a) Business households and business individuals shall submit tax declaration dossiers by electronic means.
Where the taxpayer falls under special circumstances, including the elderly, persons with disabilities, persons entitled to social protection, persons residing in areas with particularly difficult socio-economic conditions, or other force majeure circumstances where electronic transactions cannot be carried out, the dossier may be submitted directly or sent via postal services to the commune-level Public Administration Service Center;
b) Business households and business individuals, including those conducting e-commerce business, having multiple business locations (shops) operating within the same province or city or in different provinces or cities shall make a consolidated tax declaration for all business locations in a single tax declaration dossier to be submitted to the tax office directly managing the head office of the business household or business individual as determined by the address stated in the business registration certificate for business households or in the tax registration declaration for business individuals. Business households and business individuals shall pay tax for each business location.
Where business households or business individuals pay personal income tax according to the method of tax rate multiplied by (x) taxable turnover, they shall declare turnover and the payable value-added tax and personal income tax for each business location.
Where business households or business individuals pay personal income tax according to the method of taxable income multiplied by (x) the tax rate, they shall declare turnover for each business location and pay value-added tax for each business location and personal income tax at the head office;
c) For business households and business individuals conducting business solely on e-commerce platforms or other digital platforms and not having a business location, tax declaration and tax payment shall be carried out with the tax office managing the area where the business household or business individual resides: current place of residence; place of temporary residence or place of permanent residence;
d) Individuals conducting real estate leasing activities shall declare value-added tax and personal income tax and submit the tax declaration dossier to the tax office where the leased real estate is located.
Where an individual has multiple leased real estates within the same province or city or in different provinces or cities, the individual shall make a consolidated tax declaration for all such real estates in one tax declaration dossier and select one tax office where the leased real estate is located to submit the tax declaration dossier, except where the lessee organization declares and pays tax on behalf of the individual. The individual shall declare turnover and the payable value-added tax and personal income tax and pay tax for each location where the leased real estate is located;
dd) Notification of business locations
The business household or business individual that has business locations outside the head office, shall notify the tax office directly managing his/her/its head office within 10 working days from the date the business location commences operation in accordance with the form prescribed by the Minister of Finance.
Where a business household or business individual changes information, suspends, or terminates operations of a business location, notification shall be made to the tax office directly managing the head office of the business household or business individual within 10 working days from the date of such change of information, suspension, or termination of operations in accordance with the regulations of the Minister of Finance.
5. Use of e-invoices
a) Business households and business individuals having annual turnover subject to value-added tax of VND 01 billion or more shall apply e-invoices bearing the tax office’s code or e-invoices generated from cash registers connected to the tax office’s data system in accordance with Clause 8 Article 1 of the Government's Decree No. 70/2025/ND-CP dated March 20, 2025, amending and supplementing a number of articles of the Government’s Decree No. 123/2020/ND-CP dated October 19, 2020, on invoices and documents.
Where a business household or business individual has multiple business locations, the tax identification number of the business household or business individual shall be used for all shops and the address of each business location must be clearly indicated on the invoice;
b) Business households and business individuals having annual turnover subject to value-added tax exceeding VND 500 million but less than VND 01 billion are not required to use e-invoices bearing the tax office’s code or e-invoices generated from cash registers connected to the tax office’s data system. Where they satisfy the conditions and wish to use e-invoices, they shall register to use e-invoices bearing the tax office’s code or e-invoices generated from cash registers connected to the tax office’s data system. Where a business household or business individual does not register to use e-invoices but has a need to use e-invoices, tax declaration and tax payment shall be carried out before the tax office issues e-invoices bearing the tax office’s code for each transaction of sale of goods or provision of services;
c) Business households and business individuals newly commencing business as provided in Article 9 of this Decree, or business households and business individuals whose annual turnover subject to value-added tax in the preceding year is less than VND 1 billion but whose turnover subject to value-added tax in the tax year reaches VND 1 billion or more, shall apply e-invoices bearing the tax office’s code or e-invoices generated from cash registers connected to the tax office’s data system. Business households and business individuals shall register for the use of e-invoices within 30 days from the last day of the tax period in which cumulative turnover subject to value-added tax reaches VND 1 billion or more.
6. Suspension and termination of business operations
a) Business households subject to business registration in accordance with the law on enterprise registration shall carry out procedures for suspension of business operations in accordance with the Government's Decree No. 168/2025/ND-CP dated June 30, 2025, on enterprise registration;
b) Where business registration is not required in accordance with the law on enterprise registration but tax registration has been made with the tax office, the taxpayer shall send a notification to the directly managing tax administration office to update the status of “business suspension” in accordance with the regulations of the Ministry of Finance;
c) During the period of suspension of operations, business households and business individuals are not required to submit tax declaration dossiers, except where the suspension does not cover a full month in case of monthly tax declaration or does not cover a full quarter in case of quarterly tax declaration;
d) Where a business household or business individual terminates business operations during the year, the business household or business individual shall notify the cumulative actual turnover from the beginning of the year to the time of termination of operations together with the dossier for termination of operations.
7. An organization leasing real estate from an individual where the real estate lease contract stipulates that the lessee is responsible for declaring tax and paying tax on behalf of the individual; an organization cooperating in business with a business household or business individual; or an organization entering into a contract with a business household or business individual as an agent selling at the fixed price for lotteries, insurance, or multi-level marketing shall be responsible for declaring tax and paying tax on behalf of the individual when making income payments to the individual. The dossier for declaration and payment of tax on behalf shall comply with the regulations of the Minister of Finance.
Article 9. Value-added tax and personal income tax declaration and payment for business households and business individuals newly commencing business
1. Where a business household or business individual commences production or business activities in the first 6 months of the year and has actual turnover of VND 500 million or less, it shall notify the direct tax administration office of the actual turnover arising from the commencement of production or business activities to June 30 no later than July 31, and notify the actual turnover arising in the last 6 months of the year no later than January 31 of the following calendar year.
Where a business household or business individual commences production or business activities in the last 6 months of the year and has actual turnover of VND 500 million or less, it shall notify the actual turnover arising no later than January 31 of the following calendar year.
2. Where a business household or business individual newly commencing production or business activities has cumulative turnover exceeding VND 500 million, tax declaration shall be made quarterly in accordance with Article 10 of this Decree from the quarter in which turnover exceeding VND 500 million arises.
3. From the following year, where a business household or business individual has actual turnover of VND 500 million or less, it shall notify turnover in accordance with Article 8 of this Decree; where actual turnover exceeds VND 500 million, tax declaration shall be made in accordance with Article 10 of this Decree.
Article 10. Value-added tax and personal income tax declaration and payment for business households and business individuals having annual turnover exceeding VND 500 million
1. Value-added tax declaration and payment
a) Where annual turnover is VND 50 billion or less, value-added tax declaration and payment shall be made quarterly;
b) Where annual turnover exceeds VND 50 billion, value-added tax declaration and payment shall be made monthly.
2. Personal income tax declaration and payment
a) Business households and business individuals choosing to pay personal income tax according to the method of tax rate multiplied by (x) taxable turnover shall declare and pay personal income tax quarterly within the same deadline for declaration and payment of value-added tax;
b) Business households and business individuals subject to personal income tax under the method of taxable income multiplied (x) by the tax rate shall make provisional declarations and payments of personal income tax on a monthly or quarterly basis in the same value-added tax declaration dossier. The provisional personal income tax payable shall be determined as the tax rate multiplied (x) by the taxable turnover of the month or quarter and personal income tax finalization shall be declared annually. Where the provisional personal income tax paid is less than the provisional tax declared or less than the tax payable upon finalization, the business household or business individual shall make additional payment and shall not be required to calculate late payment interest. Where the provisional personal income tax paid exceeds the tax payable upon finalization, procedures for handling overpaid tax shall be carried out in accordance with Article 12 of this Decree.
Article 11. Tax declaration and tax withholding for business activities on e-commerce platforms and other digital platforms of business households and business individuals
1. Managers of e-commerce platforms or other digital platforms, whether domestic or foreign, having online ordering and payment functions shall be responsible for withholding, declaring on behalf of, and paying on behalf of the tax amounts withheld for each transaction of provision of goods or services of business households or business individuals in accordance with Decree No. 117/2025/ND-CP dated June 09, 2025 of the Government providing for tax administration for business activities on e-commerce platforms and digital platforms of households and individuals.
2. Resident business households and individuals conducting business on e-commerce platforms or other digital platforms without online ordering and payment functions shall be responsible for self-declaration and payment of taxes in accordance with Articles 8, 9, and 10 of this Decree.
3. Where a business household or business individual conducts business solely on e-commerce platforms or digital platforms, or conducts business both at a fixed business location and on e-commerce platforms or digital platforms, and has total annual turnover exceeding VND 03 billion, or has annual turnover exceeding VND 500 million and chooses to declare personal income tax according to the method of taxable income multiplied (x) by the tax rate, such business household or business individual shall aggregate turnover to declare annual personal income tax finalization. The personal income tax amounts withheld and paid on behalf by managers of e-commerce platforms or digital platforms shall be deducted when determining the payable personal income tax.
4. Non-resident individuals conducting business on e-commerce platforms or other digital platforms without online ordering and payment functions shall be responsible for self-declaration and payment of taxes in accordance with the Government's Decree No. 117/2025/ND-CP dated June 09, 2025, prescribing tax administration for business activities on e-commerce platforms and digital platforms by households and individuals, and shall not be required to notify the tax office of actual turnover arising in the year and shall not be required to conduct personal income tax finalization in accordance with Articles 8 and 10 of this Decree.
5. Tax declaration dossiers for business households and business individuals as prescribed in Clauses 2 and 3 of this Article shall comply with the regulations of the Minister of Finance.
Article 12. Handling of overpaid tax amounts, late-payment interest, and fines
1. Where a business household or business individual has had value-added tax and personal income tax withheld and paid on its behalf by an organization prescribed in Clause 1 Article 11 of this Decree or by other organizations or individuals for transactions arising in the year but has actual annual turnover of VND 500 million or less, procedures for offsetting, refund, or refund combined with offset against state budget revenues shall be carried out in accordance with the law on tax administration with respect to the overpaid tax amounts.
2. Where a business household or business individual has paid value-added tax and personal income tax for business activities but has actual annual turnover of VND 500 million or less, the overpaid tax amounts shall be handled through offsetting, refund, or refund combined with offset against state budget revenues in accordance with the law on tax administration.
3. Where a business household or business individual has tax amounts, late-payment interest, or fines that have been paid or withheld and paid on its behalf by organizations or individuals in excess of the tax amounts, late-payment interest, or fines payable, the overpaid amounts shall be handled through offsetting, refund, or refund combined with offset against state budget revenues in accordance with the law on tax administration.
4. The dossier requesting handling of overpaid tax amounts, late-payment interest, and fines, and the competence, responsibility for receipt and settlement, order, and procedures shall comply with the regulations of the Minister of Finance.
5. The place for submission of the tax refund dossier shall be the tax office where the tax declaration dossier is submitted. Where a business household or business individual conducts business solely on e-commerce platforms or digital platforms and the tax has been withheld and paid on its behalf by the e-commerce platform or digital platform manager, or conducts other business activities for which tax has been withheld, declared and paid on behalf of by other organizations, the tax office receiving and settling the tax refund dossier shall be the tax office managing the place where the head of the business household or the business individual resides.
Chapter IV
RESPONSIBILITIES AND IMPLEMENTATION ORGANIZATION
Article 13. Rights and responsibilities of business households and business individuals
1. Business households and business individuals may request the tax office to provide guidance, clarification, and support regarding tax declaration, tax calculation, and tax payment.
2. Business households and business individuals shall have the rights of taxpayers as prescribed by the law on tax administration.
3. Business households and business individuals shall fully and accurately self-declare turnover arising from production or business activities in order to determine the tax payable in accordance with tax laws and shall bear legal responsibility for the declared contents.
4. Business households and business individuals shall notify the tax office by electronic means of all account numbers opened at payment service providers and e-wallet numbers opened at intermediary payment service providers relating to production or business activities.
5. Business households and business individuals shall use accounting books in accordance with the law on accounting and the guidance of the Minister of Finance and shall use invoices in accordance with regulations.
6. Business households and business individuals shall provide accounting books, invoices, sales management software, and related documents at the request of the tax office during tax inspection.
7. Resident business households and business individuals conducting business on e-commerce platforms shall declare and pay excise tax, environmental protection tax, royalty, environmental protection fees, and other amounts payable to the state budget collected by the tax administration office in accordance with tax laws, the law on tax administration, and other relevant laws.
8. Business households and business individuals conducting business on e-commerce platforms shall provide complete and accurate information to the e-commerce platform manager, including the tax identification number or personal identification number for Vietnamese citizens; passport number or identification information issued by competent foreign agencies for foreign citizens; and information and documents relating to the determination of tax obligations payable, and mandatory information for sellers in accordance with the law on e-commerce.
Article 14. Responsibilities of organizations and individuals declaring, paying, or withholding tax on behalf
1. To declare fully, accurately, and in a timely manner the turnover and the tax amounts payable; and to remit taxes to the state budget in accordance with regulations.
2. To bear legal responsibility for acts of late declaration, late payment, incorrect declaration, or withholding or payment of tax in contravention of the Law on Tax Administration.
3. Where an organization or individual declaring tax on behalf of or paying tax on behalf of an individual fails to comply or complies improperly with the tax laws and other relevant laws, such organization or individual shall be handled in accordance with the Law on Tax Administration.
Article 15. Responsibilities of People’s Committees at all levels
1. Responsibilities of provincial-level People’s Committees
a) To direct departments, divisions, and sectors, and commune-level People’s Committees to fully implement the law on business registration, management of business households and business individuals, and provision of information to tax offices in accordance with regulations;
b) To direct the provincial-level Department of Finance, specialized licensing agencies, and relevant units to establish, update, and share databases on business households and business individuals with tax offices; to ensure synchronized and accurate connection between business registration data and the tax database;
c) To direct market surveillance agencies, police, finance, information and communications, home affairs agencies, and affiliated specialized agencies to coordinate with tax offices in inspecting and supervising business activities; preventing tax revenue losses; and handling violations of law on taxation and business activities;
d) To ensure resources and technical infrastructure for the implementation of e-invoices and electronic documents for business households and business individuals within the locality; to direct specialized agencies to support and guide taxpayers in the use of e-invoices;
dd) To urge commune-level People’s Committees to conduct reviews and firmly grasp the operational situation of business households and business individuals within the locality; to ensure the provision of complete, timely, and accurate information to tax offices.
2. Responsibilities of commune-level People's Committees
a) To coordinate with tax offices in reviewing, collecting, and updating the list of business households and business individuals operating within the locality; and to promptly detect and notify tax offices of cases of commencement of business, temporary suspension, termination of operations, changes in business lines or business locations within the locality, unregistered business operations, illegal business operations, and operations outside licensed locations;
b) To coordinate with tax offices in organizing dissemination and communication of tax policies and laws to residents, business households, and business individuals. To support mobile communication activities, posting of information, and guidance for taxpayers in making tax declarations and payments in accordance with regulations. To report difficulties and obstacles faced by residents related to tax policies to tax offices for coordinated resolution;
c) To direct specialized agencies and relevant agencies within the locality to coordinate with and support tax offices within their competence in detecting, verifying, and handling violations of tax laws by business households and business individuals upon request of tax offices; including verification of taxpayer information, business addresses, scale of business operations, number of business households and business individuals, revenue, coordination in making violation records, and provision of relevant dossiers and documents within the locality in accordance with the law on tax administration and other relevant laws;
d) To coordinate with tax offices, market surveillance agencies, police, and other relevant agencies in inspecting, detecting, preventing, and handling acts of conducting business without registration, conducting business without tax declaration, and tax evasion;
dd) To inspect, supervise, and handle business households and business individuals conducting business at illegal business locations or at locations that do not meet the conditions prescribed by law;
e) To periodically report to the provincial-level People’s Committee, through the focal point designated by the province, on the situation of business households and business individuals within the locality; and to propose measures to strengthen management and address arising difficulties;
g) To perform other tasks as directed by the provincial-level People’s Committee in accordance with the law in order to support tax administration for business households and business individuals.
Article 16. Responsibilities of tax offices in tax administration for business households and business individuals
1. Tax offices shall be responsible for supporting and facilitating business households and business individuals:
a) To provide complete and timely information and guidance on tax policies, and procedures for tax registration, declaration, and payment through appropriate forms;
b) To guide the use of applications and platforms for electronic tax declaration and payment;
c) To establish taxpayer support channels such as hotlines, direct advisory units, and online response mechanisms;
d) To publicly disclose procedures, time limits for dossier processing, forms, tax calculation rates, tax rates, and fine levels (if any) so that taxpayers can easily monitor and implement them;
dd) To promptly receive and handle opinions, feedback, and difficulties from business households and business individuals within the prescribed time limits;
e) In case of inspection or direct working sessions, tax offices must provide prior notice and avoid affecting the normal business operations of business households and business individuals.
2. Tax offices shall be responsible for administering taxes for business households and business individuals in accordance with the principles of transparency of information, convenience, and without generating additional procedures or documentation beyond those prescribed by law.
3. Tax offices shall be responsible for inspecting and supervising the performance of taxpayer support duties within the sector; promptly rectifying and handling cases where officers cause inconvenience, harassment, or fail to comply with regulations, and shall not require business households or business individuals to re-submit information or dossiers that already exist in the system or have been confirmed by other agencies.
Article 17. Implementation responsibilities
1. Ministers and heads of ministerial-level agencies shall, based on the assigned functions and tasks, implement this Decree.
2. The Ministry of Industry and Trade shall implement solutions to manage all e-commerce business activities and coordinate with the Ministry of Finance to implement solutions supporting managers of e-commerce platforms and other digital platforms that are subject to tax withholding, declaration and tax payment on behalf in accordance with this Decree.
3. The Ministry of Finance shall provide guidance and organize the implementation of solutions supporting managers of e-commerce platforms and other digital platforms that are subject to tax withholding, declaration and tax payment on behalf in accordance with this Decree.
4. Tax offices shall review the database of business households and business individuals for the year 2025 in order to provide guidance as follows:
a) Business households and business individuals that paid tax under the presumption method or the declaration method in 2025 and have turnover exceeding VND 500 million shall declare and pay tax for the year 2026 in accordance with Article 10 of this Decree;
b) Business households and business individuals that paid tax under the presumption method or the declaration method in 2025 and have turnover of VND 500 million or less shall notify their turnover for the year 2026 in accordance with Point a Clause 1 Article 8 of this Decree.
5. For business households and business individuals paying tax under the presumption method from 2025 and earlier and whose presumption tax amount has been determined (including cases where business households or business individuals have changes in the scale of production and business activities resulting in a change in presumptive taxable turnover of 50% or more) in accordance with the Law on Tax Administration No. 38/2019/QH14 and its guiding documents, upon transition to tax declaration starting from January 01, 2026, tax offices shall not use the declared turnover of 2026 to re-determine tax obligations of previous years, and shall not impose administrative penalties for tax obligations already fulfilled under the presumption method, except in case where tax offices or competent state agencies detect business households’ or business individuals’ acts of concealing turnover leading to an underpayment of payable tax.
Chapter V
IMPLEMENTATION PROVISIONS
Article 18. Transitional provisions
1. In case of monthly tax declaration, the tax declaration dossiers for January, February, and March 2026 shall be submitted to the direct tax administration office no later than April 20, 2026; the provisions on additional tax declaration dossiers, extension of the deadline for submission of tax declaration dossiers, extension of tax payment deadlines, cases where organizations or individuals declare and pay tax on behalf of individuals, and other contents of tax administration shall continue to be implemented in accordance with the Law on Tax Administration No. 38/2019/QH14, the Government’s Decree No. 126/2020/ND-CP dated October 19, 2020, detailing a number of articles of the Law on Tax Administration, and guiding documents until replacement documents are issued.
2. The tax withholding declaration for households and individuals conducting business activities on e-commerce platforms, the detailed list of the amount of tax withheld for households and individuals conducting business activities on e-commerce platforms, the detailed list of tax payments of e-commerce platform managers, and tax withholding certificates for households and individuals conducting business activities on e-commerce platforms shall continue to be implemented in accordance with the Government's Decree No. 117/2025/ND-CP dated June 09, 2025, prescribing tax administration for business activities on e-commerce platforms and digital platforms by households and individuals.
3. For real estate lease contracts arising before January 01, 2026 with a remaining contract term of more than 06 months, if value-added tax and personal income tax have already been paid, the non-taxable revenue threshold for value-added tax as prescribed in Clause 1 Article 3 and the revenue threshold not subject to personal income tax as prescribed in Clause 1 Article 4 of this Decree shall be adjusted; where the remaining revenue amount exceeds VND 500 million, tax payment shall be implemented in accordance with this Decree and the tax amount already paid shall be handled in accordance with Article 12 of this Decree (if any).
4. For business households and business individuals that in 2025 paid tax under the presumption method or the declaration method and have revenue of VND 03 billion or more, or that from 2026 choose to pay personal income tax under the method of taxable income multiplied (x) by the tax rate, such business households and business individuals shall determine and record the value of inventories, machinery, and equipment serving production and business activities as of December 31, 2025 as the basis for determining deductible expenses when calculating personal income tax for the tax period of 2026. Business households and business individuals shall prepare the inventory list of goods, machinery, and equipment in accordance with the form prescribed by the Minister of Finance, retain it at the business households or business individuals, and send one copy to the direct tax administration office by electronic means together with the tax declaration dossier for the first quarter of 2026 in case of quarterly tax declaration, or no later than April 20, 2026 in case of monthly tax declaration. Tax offices shall receive the information for the purpose of tax administration. The receipt of the list by tax offices shall not have legal validity for the purpose of certifying or legitimizing the origin of goods. Business households and business individuals shall take responsibility before the law for the truthfulness, accuracy, and completeness of the information in the list; in case of detecting violations of law, they shall be handled in accordance with relevant laws.
Article 19. Effect
This Decree takes effect from the date of its signing.
ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT
FOR THE PRIME MINISTER
DEPUTY PRIME MINISTER
Ho Duc Phoc
This feature is available to
English
or
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Processing, please wait...
You are not logged in.
This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to access detailed information on Related documents.
If you do not have an account, please
register here!
Processing, please wait...
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
VIETNAMESE DOCUMENTS
Decree 68/2026/NĐ-CP PDF (Original)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Decree 68/2026/NĐ-CP (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
ENGLISH DOCUMENTS
LuatVietnam's translation
Decree 68/2026/NĐ-CP (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Decree 68/2026/NĐ-CP (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
* Note:
To view documents downloaded from LuatVietnam.vn, please install DOC, DOCX and PDF file readers
For further support, please call
19006192
Circular 100/2026/TT-BTC repealing 06 Circulars issued by Minister of Finance
Decree 278/2026/ND-CP amend Decree 72/2025/ND-CP on mechanism and time frame for adjusting the average electricity retail price
Circular 30/2026/TT-BYT contents of nutrition facts labels and method of nutrition facts labeling of food
Circular 32/2026/TT-NHNN provision of loans by credit institutions and foreign bank branches for offshore investment
Circular 56/2026/TT-BXD working time and rest time for workers performing jobs of special characteristics at sea
Log in
Register
Remember
Forgot password
Log in
Or log in via
* Required information
Username
Email
*
Password
*
Confirm Password
*
I agree to the
Terms & Conditions
and
Personal Data Protection Policy
of LuatVietnam
Register
Forgot password
Enter your account name to recover your password.
Send
Select folder
+ Add folder
Save
Back
Add folder
Bilingual Text
Nội dung tham chiếu