Source URL: https://www.vietnam-briefing.com/news/eu-vietnam-free-trade-agreement-key-provisions-and-implications-for-fdi.html/
Downloaded: 2026-07-21T11:30:08.371756

Four Years of the EVFTA: Key Advantages and Business Perceptions
×
Menu
EU-Vietnam Free Trade Agreement: Key Provisions and Implications for FDI
August 9, 2024
Posted by
Vietnam Briefing
Written by
Vu Nguyen Hanh
Reading Time:
8
minutes
Available language
As the EU-Vietnam Free Trade Agreement (EVFTA) marks four years in August 2024, we review its implementation progress, highlighting key achievements and remaining challenges, to help businesses identify strategies to optimize their benefits from the agreement.
Alongside the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP), the EVFTA is considered one of the most crucial new-generation free trade agreements (FTAs) that Vietnam is part of. Notably, its signing demonstrated Vietnam’s commitment to enhancing trade relations with the European Union (EU) and addressing concerns over commercial activities and the business environment.
DOING BUSINESS IN VIETNAM
EXPLORE IN-DEPTH INVESTMENT AND BUSINESS GUIDES.
Explore vital economic, geographic, and regulatory insights for business investors, managers, or expats to navigate Vietnam’s business landscape. Our Online Business Guides offer explainer articles, news, useful tools, and videos from on-the-ground advisors who contribute to the Doing Business in Vietnam knowledge.
Start exploring
Overview of the EVFTA
Having entered into force on August 1, 2020, the EVFTA aims to stimulate economic growth between Vietnam and the EU by improving the investment climate and providing greater certainty for both European and Vietnamese investors.
To achieve its objectives, the trade agreement outlined a roadmap to:
Eliminate customs duties, red tape, and other obstacles facing businesses;
Streamline trade in key sectors, such as electronics, food products, and pharmaceuticals; and
Open Vietnam’s market for EU service exports and vice versa.
Vietnamese traders have stood to benefit from the EVFTA in several ways, including:
Eliminating 99 percent of all tariffs, with the remaining 1 percent being partially removed through limited zero-duty quotas;
Reducing regulatory barriers and redundant bureaucracy;
Protecting intellectual property rights, including geographical indications for special regional food and drink products;
Catalyzing growth in services and public procurement markets; and
Ensuring that the agreed-upon rules are enforceable.
EU-Vietnam trade after the EVFTA
Four years into the agreement, Vietnam has established itself as the leading exporter to the EU within ASEAN, driving economic growth, job creation, and greater consumer access to premium European products. According to the Ministry of Industry and Trade (MoIT), Vietnam’s export value to the EU has surged by nearly 50 percent, while imports from the EU have also grown by over 40 percent.
Find Business Support
Build Your Asia Business with Turnkey Market Entry and Cross-Regional Support
The gradual tariff elimination under the EVFTA has created mutual benefits, offering Vietnamese consumers more affordable, high-quality European goods while fostering the growth of export-oriented sectors.
According to the General Department of Vietnam Customs (GDVC), the two-way trade volume reached US$296.87 billion in 2023. For the first half of 2024, GDVC reported that Vietnam’s exports to the EU totaled over US$24.69 billion, marking an annual increase of 15.37 percent. Vietnam’s key exports to the EU included aquatic products, fruits and vegetables, footwear, apparel, wood, and wooden furniture, with the Netherlands, Germany, Italy, and Spain being the major importers.
Benefits for FDI in Vietnam
According to the European Chamber of Commerce (EuroCham), the EVFTA has significantly contributed to making the EU the sixth-largest source of foreign direct investment (FDI) in Vietnam, even though the EU-Vietnam Investment Protection Agreement (EVIPA) is still pending. EU members have invested €28 billion (US$30.6 billion) in 2,450 projects in Vietnam, many of which are high-quality investments in high-tech manufacturing and services.
The Ministry of Planning and Investment (MPI) projects that Vietnam will become more attractive to foreign investors due to its comprehensive commitments under the EVFTA. The benefits include:
Smoother trade with greater freedom for service industries
: FDI inflows from the EU to Vietnam will increase as EU service providers gain more opportunities from a more open service sector, particularly in business services, environmental services, postal services, banking, insurance, and shipping.
New momentum for high-quality investments
: The involvement of developed EU economies provides Vietnam with higher-quality investments, stimulating FDI inflows. Consequently, Vietnam’s investment structure will experience significant changes as new partners enter novel investment areas, offering more opportunities for EU investors in sustainable industries such as green and renewable energy.
A more transparent and predictable business environment
: The EVFTA supports Vietnam’s ongoing institutional and legislative reforms towards international standards. It promises to enhance the business environment with greater openness, transparency, and predictability, thereby promoting both domestic and foreign investment and facilitating cross-border transactions and services.
Understanding the EVFTA: Key highlights for businesses
The EVFTA is a comprehensive agreement consisting of 17 chapters, two protocols, and several attached memorandums, covering various aspects of commerce, including:
Trade in goods;
Services, investment liberalization, and e-commerce;
Government procurement; and
Intellectual property rights.
While grasping the full text may seem daunting,  there are essential sections that businesses should focus on for a more accessible introduction to the agreement.
To explore the EVFTA in detail, businesses can utilize the following resources:
For the full text, visit WTO Center at
https://wtocenter.vn/
which provides the content in a user-friendly format with a table of contents to simplify navigation.
For detailed guidance, the
Access2Markets
portal of the European Commission offers search tools for goods and rules of origin, services, investment, and procurement.
Alternately, you can reach our Business Intelligence experts at Dezan Shira & Associates for any queries on utilizing the EVFTA to optimize your business growth potential and expand market reach. You may email your queries at
vietnam@dezshira.com
Tariff removal
Find Business Support
How we can help companies leverage growth in the trade and e-commerce industry
The EVFTA is expected to significantly boost Vietnam’s exports to the EU, particularly for products where Vietnam holds competitive advantages, such as agricultural and aquatic goods. Conversely, EU businesses will also benefit from reduced duties when entering the Vietnamese market.
The EU’s commitments:
Upon the agreement’s entry into force, the EU will eliminate approximately 85.6 percent of import tariffs on Vietnamese goods, covering 70.3 percent of Vietnam’s export revenue to the EU.
Within the next seven years, the EU will remove 99.2 percent of tariffs, accounting for 99.7 percent of Vietnam’s export revenue to the EU.
For the remaining 0.3 percent of Vietnam’s export revenue, the EU will provide a tariff-rate quota, with the import tax rate set at zero percent within the quota.
Vietnam’s commitments:
Upon the agreement’s entry into force, Vietnam will eliminate 48.5 percent of tariff lines, representing about 64.5 percent of its total import revenue.
Within the next seven years, Vietnam will remove 91.8 percent of tariff lines, accounting for 97.1 percent of EU export revenue.
After ten years, 98.3 percent of tariff lines will be eliminated, covering 99.8 percent of total import turnover.
For the remaining 1.7 percent of tariff lines, Vietnam will apply a tariff-rate quota under its WTO commitments or follow a special roadmap to gradually remove tariffs.
How do we track the EVFTA’s tariff elimination roadmap?
Chapter 2 of the agreement addresses national treatment and market access for goods, and includes:
Annex 2-A
: Reduction or elimination of customs duties.
Appendices 2-A-1 and 2-A-2
: Tariff schedules of the EU and Vietnam.
Other appendices and annexes on export treatments, such as Vietnam’s export duties schedule, specific measures by Vietnam governing the importation and exportation of goods, goods excluded from the definition of remanufactured goods, and treatments for motor vehicles, motor vehicle parts and equipment, and pharmaceutical/medical products and medical devices.
EVFTA’s tariff elimination roadmap:
Refer to the appropriate tariff list:
Appendix 2-A-1
: Contains the EU tariff schedules for businesses established in Vietnam exporting goods to the EU.
Appendix 2-A-2
: Contains the EU tariff schedules for businesses established in the EU exporting goods to Vietnam.
Determine the product’s dismantling category:
Locate your product by its customs code or description in
Column 2
of the Tariff Schedule. The corresponding category is listed in
Column 4
.
Understand the dates of reductions:
Annex 2-A
details 10 coded categories for each stage of tariff reductions, ranging from immediate elimination to reductions spread over 11 equal annual stages.
The first reduction occurred on
August 1, 2020
, the effective date of the EVFTA. Subsequent annual reductions take effect on
January 1
of each following year.
Calculate the custom duty’s interim rate:
Rates of customs duties during interim stages must be rounded down to at least the nearest 10th of a percentage point.
If the rate is in monetary units, the rounding should be down to at least the nearest 10th of one euro cent in the case of the EU.
Refer to quotas:
Businesses should consult
Section B in Annex 2-A
for quota details.
Category
Equal Annual Stages
Dates of Reduction
A
0
From August 1, 2020
B3
4
August 1, 2020
January 1, 2021
January 1, 2022
January 1, 2023
B5
6
August 1, 2020
January 1, 2021
(…)
January 1, 2025
B7
8
August 1, 2020
January 1, 2021
(…)
January 1, 2027
B9
10
August 1, 2020
January 1, 2021
(…)
January 1, 2029
B10
11
August 1, 2020
January 1, 2021
(…)
January 1, 2030
Source: France-Vietnam Chamber of Commerce and Industry (CCIFV)
Rules of origin
The rules of origin (RoO) specify that goods must originate from the EU or Vietnam to qualify for the EVFTA’s tariff reductions. These rules are outlined in Protocol 1, which concerns the definition of ‘originating products’ and the method of administrative cooperation under the EVFTA (hereinafter “Protocol 1”).
According to Protocol 1, products are considered to originate in the EU or Vietnam if they meet one of the following criteria:
Products wholly obtained in the EU or Vietnam, as defined in Article 4 on wholly obtained products;
Products made exclusively from materials originating in the EU or Vietnam; or
Products made in the EU or Vietnam using non-originating materials, provided these materials have undergone sufficient working or processing by fulfilling the product-specific rules in Annex II. These rules include value-added criteria, changes in tariff classification, and specific operations.
Businesses must also comply with requirements related to insufficient working or processing and the non-alteration rule. There is some flexibility regarding tolerances and cumulation to help companies adhere to the product-specific rules.
Eligible goods must be accompanied by one of the following proof of origin documents:
Certificate of Origin (CoO)
: Prepared according to the guidelines in Protocol 1.
Declaration of Origin (DoO)
: For imports into the EU, a DoO is prepared by an approved exporter for any consignment, regardless of its value, or by any exporter for consignments where the total value does not exceed €6,000, as outlined in Protocol 1.
Statement of Origin (SoO)
: For imports into Vietnam, exporters must prepare an SoO and register it in an electronic database in accordance with relevant EU legislation. Under this provision, the relevant government agency in the EU must notify Vietnam that such legislation applies to their exporters.
Mutual recognition of standards
To safeguard the health, safety, and environment of the signatory members of the EVFTA, the agreement includes several mutual recognition standards to promote trade between the EU and Vietnam, such as:
Sanitary and Phytosanitary measures (SPS);
Geographical Indications (GIs);
Labor Standards; and
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).
Promoting and protecting investment
Find Business Support
De-Risk Your Business with Multi-disciplinary Review and Legal Advisory
To protect investor interests from both sides, the EVFTA establishes an independent Investment Tribunal System to address any commercial disputes. This system will serve as a permanent mechanism for resolving investment disputes among all the agreement’s members.
In line with the EVFTA, the Vietnamese government has committed to opening its economy to investments in the manufacturing sector across several key industries. This commitment is expected to enhance FDI in Vietnam, particularly from EU member states.
Intellectual property rights
Under the EVFTA, customs authorities are required to actively engage in the seizure of goods suspected of infringing intellectual property (IP) rights. They must also cooperate with rights holders in the investigation process, including providing relevant information for risk analysis.
Business perceptions and main obstacles
When studying the reaction of Vietnam’s stock markets to EVFTA-relevant events, experts recorded that the markets were significantly sensitive to the developments before the EVFTA entered into force. According to
a research article
published on February 29, 2024, some industries were negatively affected by the news, as the investing community was afraid the EVFTA would cause consumption to switch to imported brands, resulting in lower demand for local brands. In contrast, industry sectors that enjoy a lower cost of production showed a positive response to the events.
Find Business Support
Have a query about the application of EVFTA benefits? Connect with our experts in Europe
The research attributes the varying impact on sectors to industry characteristics, changes in competition levels due to new tariff structures, and the entry of new market players.
More recently, the EuroCham Business Confidence Index (BCI) survey revealed that nearly two-thirds of respondents experienced varying levels of benefit from the EVFTA. The proportion of respondents reporting moderate to significant advantages rose to 27 percent in 2024, up from 18 percent in 2023. Meanwhile, those who had not yet seen tangible gains decreased to about 25 percent in 2024, down from 31 percent in 2023.
The survey highlighted that “EuroCham members consistently cite tariff reductions, increased market competitiveness, and expanded market access as key benefits. Other advantages include streamlined supply chains, improved business transparency, and a stronger legal framework.”
However, it also identified current challenges in implementing the EVFTA, including:
Complex regulatory requirements and insufficient recognition of international standards by local authorities;
A lack of understanding of the agreement among stakeholders, coupled with customs valuation issues and opaque clearance procedures; and
Technical barriers, particularly in certification and product testing.
Key takeaways
The EVFTA mandates commitments from both the EU and Vietnam to lower tariff barriers, enhance trade, and expand market access for high-quality investments. Despite these commitments, firms must navigate existing obstacles to fully leverage the EVFTA’s potential for their businesses. They should consider the following strategies:
Enhance production strategy
: Businesses should focus on boosting production capacity, engaging in deep processing, and strategically sourcing raw materials to meet EVFTA standards and improve overall competitiveness.
Develop a strong brand
: With low prices no longer being a strong competitive edge, businesses need to build a brand based on consumer trust and recognition. Companies should establish their presence in international markets, ideally through cross-border e-commerce platforms, and adapt their brand development strategies and production plans to align with EU technical standards and consumer preferences.
Monitor tariff reduction timelines
: Since tariff elimination for different products follows a roadmap extending over 11 years, firms must stay informed about these timelines to effectively plan their export and market expansion strategies.
Understand mutual recognition of standards
: In addition to tariff schedules and rules of origin, businesses should familiarize themselves with standards and regulations related to quality and safety for industrial goods, as well as sanitary and SPS standards for agricultural products and foodstuffs. It is also important to understand regulations on geographical indications, labor standards, and CSR.
About Us
Vietnam Briefing
is one of five regional publications under the
Asia Briefing
brand. It is supported by
Dezan Shira & Associates
, a pan-Asia, multi-disciplinary professional services firm that assists foreign investors throughout Asia, including through offices in
Hanoi
,
Ho Chi Minh City
, and
Da Nang
in Vietnam. Dezan Shira & Associates also maintains offices or has alliance partners assisting foreign investors in
China
,
Hong Kong SAR
,
Indonesia
,
Singapore
,
Malaysia
,
Mongolia
,
Dubai (UAE)
,
Japan
,
South Korea
,
Nepal
,
The Philippines
,
Sri Lanka
,
Thailand
,
Italy
,
Germany
,
Bangladesh
,
Australia
,
United States
, and
United Kingdom and Ireland
.
For a complimentary subscription to Vietnam Briefing’s content products, please click
here
. For support with establishing a business in Vietnam or for assistance in analyzing and entering markets, please contact the firm at
vietnam@dezshira.com
or visit us at
www.dezshira.com
Previous Article
U.S. Chooses to Retain Vietnam’s Non-Market Economy Status Despite Reforms
Next Article
Vietnam’s 2024 Social Insurance Law: Implications for Businesses
DEZAN SHIRA & ASSOCIATES
An Ascentium Company
Meet the firm behind our content. Visit their website to see how their services can help your business succeed.
About Us
Find an Advisor
Events in Vietnam
All Events
Our free webinars are packed full of useful information for doing business in Vietnam.
Related reading
Want the Latest Sent to Your Inbox?
Subscribing grants you this, plus free access to our articles and magazines.
SUBSCRIBE
Have Any questions?
Reach out to our local experts.
Services
Accounting, Financial Reporting & Review
Audit and Risk Advisory
Corporate Establishment and Governance
Country Benchmarking / Location Selection
Due Diligence
ESG Sustainability Services
HR Global Mobility PEO / EOR
HR Advisory and Payroll
HR Payroll Software
HR Visa & Work Permits
Intellectual Property
Joint Ventures and Match making
Legal Services
M&A - asiamerger portal
Market Research & Business Intelligence
Mergers and Acquisitions
Recruitment
Tax Advisory & Planning
Tax International & Transfer Pricing
Technology, Cyber / Data Privacy
Technology, IT and ERP Services
Other
Other, Journalist Comment or Quote
Other, Asia Briefing Media/Ad Placement
Region
Bangladesh
China
Hong Kong SAR
India
Indonesia
Israel
Japan
Malaysia
Mongolia
Philippines
Russia
Singapore
South Korea
Thailand
Turkiye
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam
I agree to receive communications from Dezan Shira &
                Associates and accept the
Privacy Policy
Processing, please wait...
Get free access to our subscriptions and publications
Subscribe to receive weekly Vietnam Briefing news updates,
our latest doing business publications, and access to our Asia archives.
Sign Up Now
Access Our Insights
Contact our advisors
Get expert support for Asia market entry
Download our Vietnam Doing Business guide
✕
×
Subscribe now to receive our weekly Vietnam Edition newsletter. Its free with no strings attached.
SIGN UP NOW
Not convinced?
Click here
to see our last week's issue.
Can you tell us bit more about you.
Country
Belt & Road Initiative
Afghanistan, Islamic State
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra, Principality of
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Terr.
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia, Kingdom of
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Taiwan
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Congo, Democratic Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guyana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe (French)
Guam (USA)
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City)
Honduras
Hong Kong SAR
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast (Cote D'Ivoire)
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyz Republic (Kyrgyzstan)
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau SAR
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldavia
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia (French)
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Other
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine, State of
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion (French)
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia & S. Sandwich Is.
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts & Nevis Anguilla
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Tome (Sao Tome)
Saint Vincent & Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Is.
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tadjikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkiye
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
USA Minor Outlying Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia (former)
Zambia
Zimbabwe
ASEAN Region
Yes, I have read the
Privacy Policy
Statement for this website.  Please send me business news and updates for Asia!
Captcha
- case sensitive
Subscribe
×
Search our guides, media and news archives
Guide category
Vietnam Economy & Trade
Where to Invest
Sector Insights
Business Setup
HR Employment & Payroll
Tax, Accounting and Audit
Type keyword to begin searching...
Back to top