International Taxation in Vietnam - Vietnam Guide  | Doing Business in Vietnam
×
Menu
International Taxation in Vietnam
Profit repatriation
Remitting profits from Vietnam can prove to be a complex and time-consuming process, even for the most seasoned investors. Shifting regulations and scarce local information on procedures has created a difficult compliance landscape that mandates continued attention from businesspeople.
Contributing Advisor
Luy Doan
Manager, Tax
Although implementing remittance strategies can seem a daunting task, businesses that seek out up-to-date information and plan accordingly are more ready to ensure that profits from their business in Vietnam are distributed abroad in a seamless manner.
Authorities in charge of remittance
For those with current operations within the country, or investors considering
setting up in the country
, understanding what regulatory bodies and legislation affects business processes is a critical component of
business planning
.
For those seeking to understand current compliance procedures with regard to remittances, the following governmental bodies and general restrictions on investment should be noted with regard to remittances.
Ministry of Finance (MOF)
The MOF has the power to adjust taxation and regulate remittances within Vietnam. Current areas under the remit of the MOF include powers to:
Adjust various rates of taxation including but not limited to Corporate Income Taxation, Value Added Taxation, and Special Consumption Taxation; and
Regulate the conditions that must be met for profits to be repatriated from Vietnam.
State Bank of Vietnam (SBV)
The SBV has the responsibility of regulating
banking
and foreign exchange within Vietnam. Under the remit of the State Bank of Vietnam are the powers to:
License banks to operate foreign exchange accounts;
Set requirements related to the
set-up of bank accounts
; and
Issue official rates of exchange between the Vietnamese Dong (VND) and other currencies throughout the world.
Restrictions on remittance
While Vietnam is fairly open to companies remitting profits to their respective markets, investors should note the number of restrictions that are currently enforced upon the remittance process.
If these limitations are not worked into existing business models, they can create significant liquidity problems for those expecting to compensate shareholders or service loans.
Timeframe
Under Vietnamese law, profits may only be remitted once per year. The timing of this remittance is limited by audit requirements that create a yearly window starting from March when profits are allowed to be remitted.
Financial position
Under current Vietnamese law, dividends may not be carried out during a year in which a company has not turned a profit.
Foreign contractor withholding tax
Enterprises subject to foreign contractor taxation
Foreign contractor tax
, or generally referred to as withholding tax, is imposed on foreign contractors or foreign sub-contractors. These are defined as foreign organizations or individuals carrying out business in Vietnam under a contract signed with a Vietnamese contracting party or signed with a main foreign contractor (not under a direct investment form in accordance with the investment law of Vietnam).
Parties that conduct business under a contract and make monetary payments to a Vietnamese organization or individual are subject to paying withholding taxes according to foreign contractor withholding tax regulations.
Also, foreign entities that earn income in Vietnam under a contract with a Vietnamese company for the local provisioning of goods through domestic export, or in some cases for distribution or provisioning of goods in Vietnam under an agreement where the seller was had exported the goods into Vietnam, and the goods are not intended for re-export out of Vietnam.
Two types FCWT (Withholding Tax) may apply in various cases:
VAT (Value added tax); and
CIT (Corporate Income Tax).
Note: The Foreign Contractor Withholding Tax (FCWT) is detailed in
Circular No. 103/2014/TT-BTC
.
Calculation
According to Circular No. 103/2014/TT-BTC, the calculation of CIT and VAT for foreign contractors are different depending on the methods of payment. There are three methods available, which are as follows:
Deduction and declaration method
VAT and CIT payments will be filed in the same manner and tax rates as local companies; foreign contractors will be allowed to follow the ordinary method if they satisfy the following conditions:
They have a permanent establishment or resident status in Vietnam;
Their duration of conducting business in Vietnam under a contractor or sub-contractor contract is 183 days or more from the effective date of the contract; and,
They fully apply the Vietnamese accounting system to their business, complete the tax registration and are issued a TIN by a tax authority.
Hybrid method:
VAT is calculated based on the deduction method, while CIT is determined under the direct method rates on the gross turnover. In order to adopt the hybrid method, foreign contractors and subcontractors must meet the following conditions:
They have a permanent establishment or resident status in Vietnam;
Their duration of conducting business in Vietnam under a contractor or sub-contractor contract is 183 days or more from the effective date of the contract; and,
They maintain the accounting system according to Vietnamese accounting regulations and guidance of the Ministry of Finance.
Direct method:
This method is applicable when the foreign contractors do not meet one of the conditions mentioned above; the base for calculating VAT and CIT is the taxable revenue. VAT on goods or services used to execute main contracts and subcontracts must not be deducted.
Read More
See our full foreign contractors withholding tax in Vietnam guide here.
Custom duties
Most goods exported or imported across the borders of Vietnam, or which pass between the domestic market and a non-tariff zone are subject to export or import duties.
Calculation
The payable import tax or export tax amount shall be equal to the unit volume of each actually imported or exported goods item inscribed in the customs declarations multiplied by the tax calculation price and the tax rate of each item stated in the tariff at the time of tax calculation. At present, export tariffs are codified under Circular 182/2015/TT-BTC.
Rates
Most goods and services being exported are exempt from tax. Export duties (ranging from zero percent to 40 percent and computed on free-on-board (FOB) price) are only charged on a few items, mainly natural resources such as minerals, forest products, and scrap metal.
Did You Know?
Consumer goods, especially luxury goods, are subject to high import duties, while machinery, equipment, materials, and supplies needed for production, especially those items which are not produced domestically, enjoy lower rates of import duties, or even a zero percent tax rate.
Duty rates for imported goods shall include preferential rates, special preferential rates, and standard rates depending on the origin of the goods.
Payment
Import and export duties declaration are required upon registration of customs declarations with the customs offices.
Export duties must be paid within 30 days of registration of customs declarations. For imported goods, import duties must be paid before receipt of consumer goods, specifically:
Within 275 days for imported supplies and raw materials intended for the production of exported goods;
Within 15 days for goods temporarily imported and intended for re-export, as from the deadline for temporary import for re-export or temporary export for re-import, as provided for by competent state agencies;
Goods imported for export production;
Goods temporarily imported or exported for the repair or replacement;
Goods used in the production of digital content, IT, or software; and
Fertilizers and pesticides that are unavailable in the Vietnamese market.
Also Read
Vietnam and Canada Trade: Leveraging the CPTPP
Transfer pricing
Explore Service
Learn how our transfer pricing services can help your business
Many foreign businesses delocalize their production facilities in Vietnam and charge their foreign outposts for administrative, technical, financial, and commercial services.
WATCH
Vietnam 2025: Latest FDI Updates, Key Market Trends & Economic Outlook (With The Executive Centre and Techcombank)
This video is unavailable in your region. Please enable VPN to view
However, financial administration teams need to be aware that their transactions must comply with the arm’s length and substance-over-form principles.
Companies that are considering an investment into Vietnam, as well as those companies that are already operating in the country, need to comply with the regulatory requirements set out in Decree 132/2020 and Decree 20/2025.
Key compliance in Vietnam
Transfer
pricing
rules are almost the same everywhere as they are generally based on the same principles and share common approaches.
Transfer pricing principals in Vietnam use the substance-over-form principle: foreign investors should review this when structuring supply chains.
Substance-over-form is a principle by which tax authorities look past the legal forms of transactions and operating structures, and instead consider and analyze their economic substance.
What does the substance over form of principal mean in practice?
Foreign parent companies that delocalize their production facilities in Vietnam may seek to act solely as a subcontractor, operating through their Vietnamese subsidiary alone. The foreign parent company then seeks to charge its subsidiary on a monthly basis for commercial services performed in regard to developing sales in Vietnam.
According to the substance-over-form principle, those commercial services should contribute to the creation of operating sales revenue or income for the Vietnamese subsidiary. As a consequence, expenses related to commercial services are not deductible from the subsidiary’s taxable income.
Alternatively, if the same Vietnamese subsidiary were engaged in sales activities, then those same commercial service expenses would comply with the substance-over-form principle.
Accordingly, the expenses could then be deducted if the prices charged were at arm’s length (or market rate).
Some companies, however, may seek to engage in more complicated relationships. A multinational enterprise may like to interpose a Vietnamese entity in transactions between two member companies that are residents of countries, which have not signed a double taxation agreement.
According to the substance-over-form principle, associated transactions should have a significant purpose (aside from reduction of tax liability) and an economic effect (aside from any tax effect) in order to be accepted by authorities. In this case, no related expenses would be deductible from the Vietnamese entity’s taxable income.
Finally, from a tax planning perspective, it is worth noting that the previous Decree 20 introduced limitations on the deductibility of loan interest costs, which now – after Decree 132 – should not exceed 30 percent of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA).
The cap applies to net interest expense (i.e. after offsetting with interest income from loans and deposits). Non-deductible interest expenses can be carried forward to the subsequent five years. Certain types of financing are excluded from the cap, including interest on official development assistance (ODA) loans, various preferential loans made by the government, and loans made for implementing national programs and state social benefit policies.
How do you comply with transfer pricing regulations?
Taxpayers in Vietnam who have entered into related-party transactions have a number of obligations under Decree 132. These have been summarized and set out below:
Identifying related parties
The ownership threshold required to be a ‘related party’ under Decree 132 is 25 percent. A company and certain individuals are also considered related parties in certain circumstances. Point 2, Article 5 of Decree 132, amended by Point 1, Article 1 of Decree 20 provides detailed cases for classifying related parties' relationships.
On highlight note is that Decree 20 amends the conditions for determining an entity as a related party based on financial borrowings, which state that the outstanding balance of covered borrowings must be:
At least 25 percent of the borrower’s equity; and
At least 50 percent of the total outstanding balance of medium and long-term liabilities.
Transitional guidance related to interest deductibility cap
If, during the tax years 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023, taxpayers only participated in related party borrowing transactions with financial institutions under Decree 132 and become disqualified as related parties from 2024 due to the criteria outlined in Decree 20, they can distribute non-deductible expenses evenly over the remaining years. Specifically, non-deductible interest expenses up to the end of 2020 may be allocated equally to 2024 and 2025 for the purpose of deduction.
Entities identified as related parties must maintain documentation supporting their chosen method for determining arm's length pricing. Accepted methodologies include the Comparable Uncontrolled Price method, Cost-Plus method, Profit Split method, Comparable Profits method, and Resale Price method, all of which are in accordance with OECD guidelines.
Forms
Companies in Vietnam that engage in related party transactions need to disclose their relationships and transactions in their annual tax returns.
Taxpayers subject to transfer pricing regulations need to file Form 01 to disclose what transfer pricing transactions they have entered into, and the value of these contracts. Further, taxpayers need to provide what the arm’s-length prices of the related-party transactions would be to enable a comparison.
The timeframe to do this is 90 days after the end of the financial year. This may prove very challenging given the short amount of time to collect and collate all necessary information and data – careful planning and observance are therefore prudent.
Contemporaneous documentation
Transfer pricing contemporaneous documentation is designed to document taxpayers’ relationships and transactions with related parties, as well as their global transfer pricing policies and the allocation of profits among all members/entities within a corporate group.
Taxpayers meeting specific thresholds must, in accordance with Decree 132, prepare, and then maintain transfer pricing contemporaneous documentation, which encompasses a Local File, and one or more of the Master File and Country-by-Country Report (CbCR).
It is likely that the Master File and CbCR will be prepared by headquarters, as they are likely to have direct access to all necessary information. All those documents must be declared by filing Form 02,  and Form 03 (for Local file and Master file respectively), and Form 04 (CbCR).
Safe harbors from contemporaneous documentation
Enterprises are exempt from preparing the transfer pricing documentation if any of the following conditions are satisfied:
Total revenue < VND 50 billion (USD 2.5 million) and total revenue of related-party transactions < VND 30 billion (USD 1.5 million);
Entered into an Advanced Pricing Agreement (APA) and submitted annual APA report(s);
Exercise only simple functions, sales < VND 200 billion (USD 10 million), and EBIT, depending on the business, of at least 5 percent (distribution), 10 percent (manufacturing) or 15 percent (toll manufacturing).
Risk/Penalties
Download publications
Vietnam’s Evolving Tax Regime: Compliance with New CIT, VAT, and Invoicing Rules
If the tax authorities believe the transaction was not priced according to the arms’ length principle, they will adjust the value of the transaction and impose tax accordingly. Furthermore, according to the substance-over-form principle, costs arising from services rendered for the sole purpose of providing other affiliates with benefits or values will not qualify for a deduction from taxable income.
Companies can also be held criminally liable if found to be evading tax. The tax authorities also publish the details of companies that are non-compliant, or report irregularities, on their national and provincial websites – a critical reputational risk.
Managing risk
It is important that companies take the necessary steps to ensure that they are compliant and effectively managing their risk. There are a variety of measures that companies can take. These include:
Providing disclosures: All companies should disclose information about their related-party relationships and transactions in the prescribed forms and in accordance with the requisite timeframes.
Risk assessments: Conducting risk assessments to monitor and revise intercompany transactions and planning ahead to create a robust transfer pricing strategy is also an important risk mitigation tool.
Contemporaneous documentation preparation: Taxpayers meeting the abovementioned thresholds are required to prepare contemporaneous documentation. Companies not meeting the thresholds should however still accurately document their associated party transactions and be able to substantiate the rationale adopted in case they receive any queries or audit notices from the tax bureau.
Advanced Pricing Arrangements: Taxpayers have the option to proactively manage their transfer pricing risk profiles by entering into an Advanced Pricing Agreement (APA) with the local tax authority. An APA is a binding agreement as to how taxpayers’ transfer pricing arrangement will be taxed.
However, in practice, as of today Vietnam has no APA signed.
FAQ: How BEPS 2.0 is Reshaping the Global Tax Landscape for Multinational Enterprises in Asia
Can you tell us about the recent tax developments in Vietnam?
Can you tell us about the recent tax developments in Vietnam?
Most recently, Vietnam has brought out new regulations on the enforcement of tax administration and new rules on transfer pricing.
The tax administration regulations as outlined in Decree 126 mainly affect online traders and those in digital commerce such as Netflix, movie streaming websites, and gaming platforms. Previously the government only imposed withholding tax on Vietnamese companies who were involved with overseas companies.
Now overseas companies have to register to get a tax identification number and pay taxes on Vietnam-sourced revenue. The tax authorities have also imposed enforcement measures to enforce tax administration on e-commerce activities. Banks are obligated to report on payments made to overseas entities, particularly to foreign contractors and companies. While we are not sure of the consequences if companies do not comply, the government might take severe measures like blocking the IP address of the website that flouts the rules. The government is also likely to carry out tax audits and tax inspections of e-commerce entities that do not comply.
The second major development is new rules on transfer pricing regulations. The main purpose of the new regulations is to tighten the arm’s length range from the 35th percentile to the 75th percentile and also retrospectively apply back to the 2020 financial year. In addition, the net interest deductions (net of interest expenses less interest income) are capped at 30 percent. The OECD advises between 10 percent and 30 percent rules apply to all local and FDI companies. In fact, FDI companies are subject to stricter scrutiny than local companies due to the tax authority’s limited ability to exchange information with other tax jurisdictions.
What’s the impact of BEPS 2.0 on common structures?
What’s the impact of BEPS 2.0 on common structures?
To address the base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS) risks arising from the digitalization of the global economy, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) issued a statement on July 1, 2021, on reworking the framework for international tax reform.
Commonly referred to as BEPS 2.0, the new framework aims to ensure a fairer distribution of taxing rights is established with respect to the profits of large MNEs and to set a global minimum tax rate.
The BEPS 2.0 package consists of two parts, which are also called the two pillars:
Pillar One is focused on profit allocation and nexus; and
Pillar Two is focused on a global minimum tax.
There are three types of common structures that may be no longer be tax-efficient due to BEPS rules in Vietnam.
The first is a Phoenix company which is used to exploit certain tax benefits. A Phoenix company is set up to avail tax incentives for a certain amount of time. It is then closed down and set up again with the same business structure to obtain time-based taxed incentives such as four years of tax exemption. However, BEPS would make this redundant.
The second is tax havens. Tax havens are jurisdictions that have very low rates of taxation for investors such as Panama. However, with BEPS you would still need to pay taxes in the country where business is carried out. Pillar one of BEPS 2.0 necessitates that MNE groups pay taxes where they have users regardless of commercial presence.
The third is tax incentive regimes. With BEPS, if a business enjoys tax incentives in Vietnam, they would still be subject to taxes where the parent country is headquartered.
Global Minimum Tax
On 29 November 2023, Vietnam’s Ministry of Finance issued Resolution No. 107/2023/QH15 (“Resolution 107”), which provides initial information on the Global Minimum Tax (GMT) in Vietnam. According to this Resolution, the GMT regulation will apply in Vietnam starting from the 2024 financial year. However, as of today, the decree that will provide more specific guidance on how to comply with the GMT is still in draft form.
Can you give us an overview of tax incentives in Vietnam?
Can you give us an overview of tax incentives in Vietnam?
Vietnam has several tax incentives that appeal to investors. Location-based incentives apply to qualifying economic and high-tech zones, certain industrial zones, and areas with difficult socio-economic conditions. Industry-based incentives are applied to several industries such as education, software, high-technology, renewable energy, and others.
Vietnam also has preferential tax rates such as a flat lifetime tax rate of 10 percent for socialized projects in certain areas with difficult socio-economic conditions as well as a flat lifetime tax rate of 15 percent for agribusinesses. Businesses can also obtain tax holidays for up to two or four years of tax exemption and 50 percent reduction for the next four or nine years.
Under the new Law on CIT, manufacturing companies have long benefited from tax relief by establishing operations in industrial parks. Typically, this included a two-year CIT exemption followed by a 50 percent reduction for four additional years. However, under the amended CIT framework, this geography-based incentive model will no longer apply.
It is noteworthy that this policy does not have a retroactive effect. The law applies only to new investment projects licensed on or after October 1, 2025. Projects that have already been granted incentives under existing regulations will continue to benefit from them for the duration specified in their investment certificates or incentive approvals.
The underlying rationale is clear: the government no longer sees mere location as a sufficient driver of national development goals. Instead, incentives are being rechanneled toward businesses that bring technological innovation, clean energy practices, or significant capital investment.
In This Section
Have Any questions?
Reach out to our local experts.
Services
Accounting, Financial Reporting & Review
Audit and Risk Advisory
Corporate Establishment and Governance
Country Benchmarking / Location Selection
Due Diligence
ESG Sustainability Services
HR Global Mobility PEO / EOR
HR Advisory and Payroll
HR Payroll Software
HR Visa & Work Permits
Intellectual Property
Joint Ventures and Match making
Legal Services
M&A - asiamerger portal
Market Research & Business Intelligence
Mergers and Acquisitions
Recruitment
Tax Advisory & Planning
Tax International & Transfer Pricing
Technology, Cyber / Data Privacy
Technology, IT and ERP Services
Other
Other, Journalist Comment or Quote
Other, Asia Briefing Media/Ad Placement
Region
Bangladesh
China
Hong Kong SAR
India
Indonesia
Israel
Japan
Malaysia
Mongolia
Philippines
Russia
Singapore
South Korea
Thailand
Turkiye
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam
I agree to receive communications from Dezan Shira &
                Associates and accept the
Privacy Policy
Processing, please wait...
Contributing Advisor
Luy Doan
Manager, Tax
Learn how our transfer pricing services can help your business
Our tailor-made transfer pricing services eliminate the taxpayers’ risks resulting from inefficient transfer pricing policies.
Explore This Service
Contact personnel near you
Publication
Vietnam’s Evolving Tax Regime: Compliance with New CIT, VAT, and Invoicing Rules
Vietnam is fast-tracking major tax reforms to align with global standards and adapt to rapid market shifts. Key changes in 2025 include a new Corporat...
Download Here
NEXT GUIDES IN  Taxation and Accounting
Corporate Income Tax
Value Added Tax
Personal Income Tax
Tax Incentives
CHANGE SECTION
Found what you're looking for and enjoying this portal?
Share with your colleagues
Or
Drop us a feedback here
×
Events in Vietnam
23
Jul
[VN Partner Event] Practical VAT Refund Insights – What Do Businesses Need to Prepare? | Thực Chiến Hoàn Thuế GTGT (VAT Refund): Doanh Nghiệp Cần Chuẩn Bị Gì?
Thursday, 23 July 2026 | 2:00 pm - 3:00 pm (GMT+7)/Thứ năm, ngày 23 tháng 7, 2026 | 14:00g
Luy Doan
Manager
JOIN EVENT
GET EXPERT GUIDANCE
Accounting
Audit / Review
Business Advisory
Business
                Intelligence
Corporate Setup
Due
                Diligence
HR and
                Payroll
Intellectual
                Property
M&A Advisory
Outbound Investment
Risk Management
Tax
Technology
Contact an Expert
How can we help?
Hi there!
Let me show you how I can be of assistance.
I can help you find and connect with an advisor, get guidance, search resources, or share feedback about this site.
Please select what you’d like to do:
Get advice about a topic or location
Contact an expert near me
Show me how to search more resources
I have feedback or want to know more about this site.
How can we help?
Hi there!
Our contact personel in
Italy
is:
Alberto Vettoretti
Please select what you’d like to do:
Yes, I'd like to contact them
No, I need to change my location
Let us help you advance in Asia
Speak to an expert!
Please share a few details about what guidance you seek. We can have a suitable advisor contact you within one business day.
Select the guidance you seek
Accounting, Financial Reporting & Review
Audit and Risk Advisory
Corporate Establishment and Governance
Country Benchmarking / Location Selection
Due Diligence
ESG Sustainability Services
HR Global Mobility PEO / EOR
HR Advisory and Payroll
HR Payroll Software
HR Visa & Work Permits
Intellectual Property
Joint Ventures and Match making
Legal Services
M&A - asiamerger portal
Market Research & Business Intelligence
Mergers and Acquisitions
Recruitment
Tax Advisory & Planning
Tax International & Transfer Pricing
Technology, Cyber / Data Privacy
Technology, IT and ERP Services
Other
Other, Journalist Comment or Quote
Other, Asia Briefing Media/Ad Placement
Select which brands you are interested in
ASEAN Briefing
China Briefing
India Briefing
Vietnam Briefing
Security Check
Reload
Processing, please wait...
Send
Start over
By submitting this form, I agree to receive communications from Dezan Shira & Associates. I have read the
Privacy Policy
and understand my personal information may be transmitted overseas.
×
×
It appears that you have recently submitted an inquiry on this topic. Would you like to
replace your previous submission with this one?
Cancel (just send my first one)
Send both
×
Search our guides, media and news archives
Guide category
Vietnam Economy & Trade
Where to Invest
Sector Insights
Business Setup
HR Employment & Payroll
Tax, Accounting and Audit
Type keyword to begin searching...
Back to top
×