Land Law 2024 No. 31/2024/QH15
Home
Legal Normative Documents
New documents
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
News
Services
Available translation
On-demand translation
Vietnamese
Home
Legal Normative Documents
Land - Housing
Search
Advanced Search
Advanced search for legal documents
Filter by
Reset
Types of documents
Law
Ordinance
Decree
Decision
Circular
Joint Circular
Resolution
Directive
Official Dispatch
Regulation
Instruction
Notice
Order
Official Telegram
Plan
Report
Code
Consolidated Text
Convention
Agreement
Treaty
Protocol
Agreement
Treaty
Issuing bodies
Committee for Physical Trainning and Sports
Committee for Population, Family and Children
Council of Ministers
Department of Hanoi public health care
General Department of Customs
General Department of Forestry
General Department of Land Administration
General Department of Post and Telecommunications
General Department of Statistics
General Department of Taxation
General Department of Tourism
Government
Government Commission for Organizational Personnel
Government Committee for Prices
Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
Ministry of Aquatic Products
Ministry of Construction
Ministry of Culture - Information
Ministry of Culture and Information
Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism
Ministry of Education and Training
Ministry of Finance
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Health
Ministry of Home Affairs
Ministry of Industry
Ministry of Industry and Trade
Ministry of Information and Communications
Ministry of Justice
Ministry of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs
Ministry of National Defence
Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment
Ministry of Planning and Investment
Ministry of Post and Telecommunications
Ministry of Public Security
Ministry of Science and Technology
Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment
Ministry of Trade
Ministry of Transport
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
National Assembly Standing Committee
National Committee for International Economic Co-operation
National Committee for Population and Family Planning
Office of the Government
Office of the National Assembly
People' Committee of Ho Chi Minh City
People's Committee of Hanoi
People's Supereme Court
People's Supereme Procuracy
Political Bureau
Prime Minister
Socialist Republic of Vietnam
State Bank
State Bank of Vietnam
State Committee for Co-operation and Investment (SCCI)
State Committee for Ethnic Minorities and Mountainous Areas
State Committee for Planning
State Council
State Securities Commission
The Ethnic Minority Committee
The Judges's Council of the Supreme People's Court
The President
Vietnam Labor General Confederation
Vietnam Social Security
Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee
All fields
Culture - Sports - Tourism
Information - Communications
Agriculture - Forestry
Natural Resources - Environment
Justice
Criminal
Civil law
Marriage and family
Electricity
Bidding - Competition
Appeal - Accuse
Press - Television
Insurance
Emulation - Commendation - Discipline
Administrative border
Commerce - Advertising
Food and drug
Saving - Anti-corruption
National Security
Cadres - Civil Servants
Residence - Population
Immigration
Accounting - Audit
Securities
Navigation
Aquatic products
National defence
Intellectual property
Transport
Administration
Administrative violation
Policy
Enterprise
Organizational structure
Others
Customs
Construction
Science - Technology
Industry
Foreign affairs
Health
Public order
Labor - Salary
Export - Import
Education - Training - Vocational training
Tax - Fee - Charge
Land - Housing
Finance - Banking
Investment
Effect status
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Signers
Abdellatif Ouahbi
Abdelwaheb Abdallah
Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdullah Ali Abdullah Al Yahaya
Abdullah bin Sultan bin Awad Al Nuaimi
Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan
Adisai Bodharamik
Alastair Goodlad
Amaret Sila_on
Amnuay Viravan
Andre Ouellet
Andrew S.Natsisos
Ang Vong Vathana
Anna Lindstedt
Arifin M. Siregar
Au Anh Tuan
B.G (NS) George Yong-Boon Yeo
Bac-ba-ra Su-ma-nop-xka
Bach Thi Minh Huyen
Banh Tien Long
Battsetseg Batmunkh
Be-a-ta Xo-ten-mac
Berkesi Laszlos
Bernard K.Mambe
Bhuvesh Chaturvedi
Brain Cowen
Bui Anh Tuan
Bui Ba Bong
Bui Cach Tuyen
Bui Hong Linh
Bui Hong Minh
Bui Huu Toan
Bui Manh Cuong
Bui Manh Hai
Bui Nguyen Long
Bui Pham Khanh
Bui Quang Vinh
Bui Thanh Son
Bui The Duy
Bui Thi Quynh Van
Bui Thien Ngo
Bui Van Cuong
Bui Van Ga
Bui Van Khang
Bui Van Nam
Bui Van Suong
Bui Xuan Cuong
Bui Xuan Dung
Bui Xuan Khu
Bui Xuan Minh
Bui Xuan Son
Cao Anh Tuan
Cao Duc Phat
Cao Lai Quang
Cao Minh Quang
Cao Quoc Hung
Cao Si Kiem
Cao Viet Sinh
Caryn R. McClelland
Cear V.Purisma
Cecilia Piccioni
Cham Nimul
Cham Pradidh
Cham Prasidh
Chan Sek Keong
Charlotte Laursen
Chau Hue Cam
Chou Vichith
Chu Hao
Chu Ngoc Anh
Chu Pham Ngoc Hien
Chu Tuan Cap
Chu Tuan Nha
Chu Van Nguyen
Chu Van Thinh
Chu Xuan Dung
Commodore(Ns) Teo Chee Hean
Cristian Barros
Cu Ngoc Oanh
Dam Huu Dac
Dam Thi Hoa
Dang cap nhat
Dang Dinh Lam
Dang Dinh Luu
Dang Hanh Thu
Dang Hoang An
Dang Hong Nam
Dang Hung Vo
Dang Huu
Dang Huy Dong
Dang Huynh Mai
Dang Nghiem Chinh
Dang Ngoc Minh
Dang Ngoc Tung
Dang Nhu Loi
Dang Quang Phuong
Dang Quoc Tien
Dang Son Tung
Dang Thanh Binh
Dang Thi Bich Lien
Dang Thi Binh An
Dang Van Tao
Dang Van Tin
Dang Vu Chu
Daniel Tomlinson
Dao Dinh Binh
Dao Hong Lan
Dao Minh Tu
Dao Ngoc Dung
Dao Xuan Hoc
Da-So-Gan-Bon-Do
Dato’ Seri Paduka Haji Kifrawi
DATO’ SRI ONG TEE KEAT
Dick Kling
Diep Kinh Tan
Diep Kinh Tan
Dinh Anh Tuan
Dinh Huu Phi
Dinh La Thang
Dinh Ngoc Thang
Dinh Quang Ngu
Dinh Tien Dung
Dinh Trung Tung
Dinh Van Nha
Dinh Viet Son
Dlamini Zuma
Do Duc Duy
Do Duc Tien
Do Hai Dung
Do Hoang Anh Tuan
Do Huu Hao
Do Ngoc Huynh
Do Nguyen Phuong
Do Nhu Dinh
Do Quang Trung
Do Que Luong
Do Qui Doan
Do Quoc Sam
Do Quy Doan
Do Quy Doan
Do Thang Hai
Do Thanh Binh
Do Thi Xuan Phuong
Do Trung Ta
Do Van Dong
Do Van Sinh
Do Xuan Tuyen
Doan Hoang Minh
Doan Hong Phong
Doan Manh Giao
Doan Mau Diep
Doan Thai Son
Doan Van Viet
Doan Xuan Hung
Doan Xuan Toan
Duong Anh Duc
Duong Duc Tuan
Duong Gia Trien
Duong Quoc Anh
Duong Thu Huong
Duong Tri Dung
Ephraim Ben Matityau
Erik Derycke
Evgeny Shestakov
George Vella
Gia Tan Dinh
Giang Seo Phu
H. A.F.M.O van Mierlo
Ha Cong Tuan
Ha Hung
Ha Hung Cuong
Haike Manning
Hans Winkler
Hirofumi Nakasone
Ho Anh Tuan
Ho Dieu Bang
Ho Duc Phoc
Ho Huan Nghiem
Ho Nghia Dung
Ho Quoc Dung
Ho Te
Ho Thi Kim Thoa
Ho Xuan Hung
Hoang Cong Dung
Hoang Manh Hien
Hoang Minh Duc
Hoang Minh Hao
Hoang Minh Son
Hoang Minh Tuan Anh
Hoang Nghia Mai
Hoang Quoc Vuong
Hoang Quy
Hoang Sy Thanh
Hoang The Lien
Hoang Thi Ha Giang
Hoang Thi Tuyet Hoa
Hoang Trung
Hoang Trung Hai
Hoang Tuan Anh
Hoang Van Huay
Hoang Van Nghien
Hoang Van Phong
Hoang Van Thang
Hoang Viet Cuong
Hoang Vu Thanh
Hon. Robert Debus
HOR Namhong
Hu Cha-Chi
Hua Duc Nhi
Huynh Huu Phuc
Huynh Ngoc Thanh
Huynh Phong Tranh
Huynh Quang Hai
Huynh Thi Nhan
Huynh Vinh Ai
Jack Straw
Jan Vapaavuori
Joaquim Verissimo
John C Tsang
John Sydney Dawkins
Joseisidro N.Camacho
JUSMAN SYAFII DJAMAL
Kham Ouane Boupha
Khong co
Khuat Van Nga
KRASIMIR TSIPOV
Kwon Jong-rak
La Ngoc Khue
Lai Quang Thuc
Lam Thi Phuong Thanh
LASZLO TROCSANYI
Le Anh Tuan
Le Bach Hong
Le Chiem
Le Cong Phung
Le Cong Thanh
Le Danh Vinh
Le Dinh Tho
Le Dinh Tien
Le Doan Hop
Le Duc Anh
Le Duc Luan
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duong Quang
Le Duy Dong
Le Hoa Binh
Le Hoai Trung
Le Hong Anh
Le Hong Hai
Le Hong Nam
Le Hong Nga
Le Hong Son
Le Hung Son
Le Huy Con
Le Huy Ngo
Le Huy Vinh
Le Manh Hung
Le Minh Hoan
Le Minh Hung
Le Minh Huong
Le Minh Khai
Le Minh Ngan
Le Minh Tri
Le Nam Thang
Le Ngoc Hoan
Le Ngoc Trong
Le Quan
Le Quang Cuong
Le Quang Hung
Le Quang Tung
Le Quoc Doanh
Le Quoc Dung
Le Quoc Hung
Le Quoc Khanh
Le Quy Vuong
Le Quy Vuong
Le Tan Can
Le Tan Dung
Le Thanh Do
Le Thanh Liem
Le Thanh Long
Le Thanh Nghi
Le The Tiem
Le Thi Bang Tam
Le Thi Bich Thuan
Le Thi Thu Hang
Le Trung Chinh
Le Van Bang
Le Van Chau
Le Van Khoa
Le Van Tan
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Toan
Le Van Triet
Le Van Truyen
Le Van Tuyen
Le Van Uyen
Le Viet Dung
Le Vinh Tan
Le Vu Hung
Le Xuan Dinh
Le Xuan Trinh
LEANDRO R. MENDOZA
Lee Hsien Long
Lim Hng Kiang
Lim Jock Seng
Lo Thi Nhu
Luong Cuong
Luong Le Phuong
Luong Quoc Dung
Luong Tam Quang
Luong Thi Toi
Luong Van Tu
Luu Chan Dan
Luu Duc Huy
Luu Duc Sau
Luu Duc Tuyen
Luu Manh Tuong
Luu Tran Tieu
Macabangkit Lanto
Mai Ai Truc
Mai Liem Truc
Mai Luong Khoi
Mai Son
Mai Thi Thu Van
Mai Tien Dung
Mai Van Chinh
Mai Van Dau
Mai Xuan Thanh
MAJOR GENERAL THEIN SWE
Manuel M. Dayrit
Marcy Claudio Lopes
Mari Elka Pangestu
Maria Esther Reus Gonzalez
Martin Malvy
Maxim Alexandrovich Travnikov
MICHAEL KEENAN
Michael O. Leavitt
Miguel Angel Moratinos Cuyaube
Miguel Marin Bosch
Mike Penning
Mikulas BEK
Mingkwan Songsuwan
Mohammad Maruf
Muhyiddin Bin Mohammad Yassin
N.Ba-ga-Ban-di
NA-DA MA-LA-GOA-RA-CHI
Nam Viyaketh
Ngo Duy Hieu
Ngo Hai Phan
Ngo The Dan
Ngo Thi Kim Yen
Ngo Thi Minh
Ngo Xuan Hue
Ngo Xuan Lich
Ngo Xuan Loc
Nguen Hoang Tuan
Nguyen An Luong
Nguyen Anh Tuan
Nguyen Ba Hoan
Nguyen Bac Hai
Nguyen Bac Son
Nguyen Bich Dat
Nguyen Cam Tu
Nguyen Cao Luc
Nguyen Chi Dung
Nguyen Cong Binh
Nguyen Cong Dan
Nguyen Cong Nghiep
Nguyen Cong Su
Nguyen Cong Tan
Nguyen Cong Thanh
Nguyen Dai Thanh
Nguyen Dai Tri
Nguyen Danh Huy
Nguyen Danh Thai
Nguyen Dinh Bin
Nguyen Dinh Bong
Nguyen Dinh Khang
Nguyen Dinh Lieu
Nguyen Dinh Loc
Nguyen Dinh Toan
Nguyen Dong Tien
Nguyen Duc Chi
Nguyen Duc Chinh
Nguyen Duc Chung
Nguyen Duc Huy
Nguyen Duc Minh
Nguyen Duc Quang
Nguyen Duc Tam
Nguyen Duong Thai
Nguyen Duy Giang
Nguyen Duy Lam
Nguyen Duy Minh
Nguyen Duy Ngoc
Nguyen Duy Nien
Nguyen Duy Thang
Nguyen Dy Nien
Nguyen Hai Phong
Nguyen Hanh Phuc
Nguyen Hoa Binh
Nguyen Hoang Anh
Nguyen Hoang Hiep
Nguyen Hoang Long
Nguyen Hong Dien
Nguyen Hong Nhi
Nguyen Hong Quan
Nguyen Hong Truong
Nguyen Huu Chi
Nguyen Huu Do
Nguyen Huu Hoai
Nguyen Huu Hung
Nguyen Huu Nghiep
Nguyen Huu Tan
Nguyen Huu Tri
Nguyen Huu Vu
Nguyen Huy Ban
Nguyen Huy Dung
Nguyen Huy Hieu
Nguyen Huy Hoan
Nguyen Huy Luan
Nguyen Huy Tien
Nguyen Huy Tuong
Nguyen Khac Dinh
Nguyen Khanh
Nguyen Khanh Ngoc
Nguyen Khanh Toan
Nguyen Khoa Diem
Nguyen Kim Anh
Nguyen Kim Ly
Nguyen Kim Son
Nguyen Ky Cam
Nguyen Linh Ngoc
Nguyen Loc An
Nguyen Luong Trao
Nguyen Mai
Nguyen Manh Cam
Nguyen Manh Dong
Nguyen Manh Ha
Nguyen Manh Hien
Nguyen Manh Hung
Nguyen Manh Khuong
Nguyen Manh Kiem
Nguyen Minh Hien
Nguyen Minh Hong
Nguyen Minh Quang
Nguyen Minh Thao
Nguyen Minh Thong
Nguyen Minh Triet
Nguyen Minh Tuan
Nguyen Minh Vu
Nguyen Nam Binh
Nguyen Nam Hai
Nguyen Ngoc Bao
Nguyen Ngoc Canh
Nguyen Ngoc Dong
Nguyen Ngoc Hien
Nguyen Ngoc Hong
Nguyen Ngoc Lan
Nguyen Ngoc Phi
Nguyen Ngoc Thien
Nguyen Ngoc Tuan
Nguyen Ngoc Tuc
Nguyen Ngoc Vinh
Nguyen Nhac
Nguyen Nhat
Nguyen Nhat Kha
Nguyen Phu Binh
Nguyen Phu Trong
Nguyen Phuoc Thanh
Nguyen Phuong Nga
Nguyen Quan
Nguyen Quang Dung
Nguyen Quang Ha
Nguyen Quang Huy
Nguyen Que Huong
Nguyen Quoc Dung
Nguyen Quoc Huy
Nguyen Quoc Thanh
Nguyen Quoc Tri
Nguyen Quoc Trieu
Nguyen Sinh Hung
Nguyen Sinh Nhat Tan
Nguyen Son
Nguyen Sy Hiep
Nguyen Tam Chien
Nguyen Tan Dung
Nguyen Tan Trinh
Nguyen Tan Van
Nguyen Thac Giap
Nguyen Thai Binh
Nguyen Thai Duong
Nguyen Thai Lai
Nguyen Thanh
Nguyen Thanh Bien
Nguyen Thanh Cung
Nguyen Thanh Hoa
Nguyen Thanh Hung
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Long
Nguyen Thanh Nghi
Nguyen Thanh Phong
Nguyen Thanh Son
Nguyen Thanh Tinh
Nguyen The Manh
Nguyen The Phuong
Nguyen Thi Bich Ngoc
Nguyen Thi Cuc
Nguyen Thi Ha
Nguyen Thi Hang
Nguyen Thi Hanh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Anh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Lan
Nguyen Thi Hong
Nguyen Thi Hong Minh
Nguyen Thi Huong Lan
Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan
Nguyen Thi Kim Phung
Nguyen Thi Kim Tien
Nguyen Thi Le
Nguyen Thi Le Thanh
Nguyen Thi Lien Huong
Nguyen Thi Minh
Nguyen Thi Minh Nguyet
Nguyen Thi Nghia
Nguyen Thi Phuong Hoa
Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong
Nguyen Thi Thu
Nguyen Thi Thu Phuong
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Xuan Thu
Nguyen Thi Xuyen
Nguyen Thien Luan
Nguyen Thien Nhan
Nguyen Thuy Hien
Nguyen Tien Dinh
Nguyen Tien Dung
Nguyen Tien Hong
Nguyen Tien Sam
Nguyen Tien Trung
Nguyen Tien Truong
Nguyen Toan Thang
Nguyen Tran Nam
Nguyen Tri Thuc
Nguyen Tri Tue
Nguyen Trong Dam
Nguyen Trong Dieu
Nguyen Trong Du
Nguyen Trung Khanh
Nguyen Trung Kien
Nguyen Truong Son
Nguyen Tuong Van
Nguyen Van An
Nguyen Van Binh
Nguyen Van Cam
Nguyen Van Can
Nguyen Van Chi
Nguyen Van Cong
Nguyen Van Dang
Nguyen Van Duc
Nguyen Van Duoc
Nguyen Van Giau
Nguyen Van Hien
Nguyen Van Hieu
Nguyen Van Hoi
Nguyen Van Hong
Nguyen Van Hung
Nguyen Van Huong
Nguyen Van Khai
Nguyen Van Lien
Nguyen Van Long
Nguyen Van Nen
Nguyen Van Nganh
Nguyen Van Ngu
Nguyen Van Phuc
Nguyen Van Phung
Nguyen Van Rinh
Nguyen Van San
Nguyen Van Sanh
Nguyen Van Sinh
Nguyen Van Suu
Nguyen Van Thang
Nguyen Van Thanh
Nguyen Van The
Nguyen Van Tho
Nguyen Van Thuong
Nguyen Van Tien
Nguyen Van Trung
Nguyen Van Tung
Nguyen Van Vinh Chau
Nguyen Van Vong
Nguyen Vi Ninh
Nguyen Viet Hung
Nguyen Viet Thang
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Vinh Hien
Nguyen Xuan Chuan
Nguyen Xuan Cuong
Nguyen Xuan Duong
Nguyen Xuan Phuc
Nguyen Xuan Quang
Nguyen Xuan Sang
Nguyen Xuan Thanh
Nguyen Xuan Thao
Nguyen Xuan Thuy
Nicola Louise Roxon
Nong Duc Manh
Nong Phi Quang
Obaid Humaid Al Tayer
Oldemiro Julio Marques Baloi
Olga Algajerova
OsMan Giines
Pan Sorasak
Patrizia Toia
Paula Lehtomaki
Pedro Mejia Gomez
PEHIN DATO ABU BAKAR APONG
Peter B.Favila
Peter D. Garrucho
Peter Ricketts
Peter Szijjarto
Pham Binh Minh
Pham Cong Tac
Pham Duc Long
Pham Duy Anh
Pham Duy Khuong
Pham Gia Khiem
Pham Gia Tuc
Pham Hoang Duc
Pham Hong Giang
Pham Hong Ha
Pham Hong Hai
Pham Khoi Nguyen
Pham Le Tuan
Pham Manh Hung
Pham Manh Thang
Pham Minh Chinh
Pham Minh Ha
Pham Minh Huan
Pham Ngac
Pham Ngoc Thuong
Pham Quang Dung
Pham Quang Nghi
Pham Quang Ngoc
Pham Quang Tuyen
Pham Quang Vinh
Pham Quoc Anh
Pham Quoc Hung
Pham Quy Ngo
Pham Quy Tieu
Pham Quy Ty
Pham Si Chien
Pham Si Danh
Pham Sy Chung
Pham Sy Danh
Pham Thanh Binh
Pham Thanh Ha
Pham The Minh
Pham Thi Hai Chuyen
Pham Thi Thanh Tra
Pham Tien Dung
Pham Van Dinh
Pham Van Hau
Pham Van Huyen
Pham Van Khanh
Pham Van Phuong
Pham Van Tra
Pham Van Trong
Pham Vu Luan
Pham Xuan Tien
Phan Chi Hieu
Phan Khac Hai
Phan Quang Trung
Phan Tam
Phan Thai Dung
Phan The Rue
Phan Thi My Linh
Phan Thi Thang
Phan Tien Lan
Phan Trung Kien
Phan Van Anh
Phan Van Da
Phan Van Dinh
Phan Van Giang
Phan Van Khai
Phan Van Mai
Phan Van Men
Phan Van Tiem
Phan Van Trong
Phi Dang Minh
Phi Van Tuan
Pho-do-ri-co Gon-xa-let Phran-co
Phung Duc Tien
Phung Khac Ke
Phung Ngoc Hung
Phung Quang Thanh
Phung Xuan Nha
Phuong Huu Oanh
Pierre.S.Pettigrew
Pirapan Salirathavibhaga
Pra-Chuop Chai-Ya-San
Quach Dang Hoa
Rafael Catala Polo
Rafidah Aziz
Rashid Tussupbekov
RAYMOND LIM
Rini M.S. Soewandi
Rizalino S. Navarro
ROBERT PELIKAN
Ryszard Michalski
Saadi Salama
Sergey Lavrov
SOMMAD PHOLSENA
SOPHON ZARAM
Soulivong Daravong
SUSHILKUMAR SHINDE
T. Ariwibowo
Ta Anh Tuan
Ta Ca
Ta Manh Hung
Ta Quang Dong
Ta Quang Khanh
Ta Quang Ngoc
Ta Quoc Trung
Ta Thi Phuong Lan
Tan Sri Abdul Gani Patail
Tang Chi Thuong
Tao Huu Phung
TAUCH CHANKOSAL
Tea Varak
Thai Van Tai
Tharman Shanmugaratnam
Thi Van Tam
Thongbanh Sengaphone
Tibor Navracsics
To Anh Dung
To Lam
To Tu Ha
Tong Anh Hao
Tong Thi Minh
Tong Van Nga
Toshiko Abe
Tran Anh Tuan
Tran Chi Dao
Tran Chi Liem
Tran Chien Thang
Tran Cong Phan
Tran Dai Quang
Tran Dinh Duy
Tran Dinh Hoan
Tran Dinh Khoa
Tran Dinh Lieu
Tran Doan Tho
Tran Duc Lai
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Dung Ha
Tran Duy Dong
Tran Hanh
Tran Hiep Hung
Tran Hong Ha
Tran Lum
Tran Luu Quang
Tran Minh Phuc
Tran Minh Tuan
Tran Ngoc Binh
Tran Ngoc Liem
Tran Ngoc Thien
Tran Quan
Tran Quang Bao
Tran Quang Lam
Tran Quang Quy
Tran Quoc Khanh
Tran Quoc Phuong
Tran Quoc Thang
Tran Quy Kien
Tran Thanh Hai
Tran Thanh Man
Tran Thanh Nam
Tran The Ngoc
Tran Thi Thanh Binh
Tran Thi Thanh Thanh
Tran Thi Trung Chien
Tran Thu
Tran Tien Dung
Tran Tuan Anh
Tran Van Chung
Tran Van Dang
Tran Van Dung
Tran Van Hieu
Tran Van Son
Tran Van Ta
Tran Van Thuan
Tran Van Truyen
Tran Van Tu
Tran Van Tuan
Tran Van Tung
Tran Viet Tan
Tran Viet Thanh
Tran Vinh Tuyen
Tran Xuan Gia
Tran Xuan Ha
Trieu Van Be
Trinh Dinh Dung
Trinh Hong Duong
Trinh Quan Huan
Trinh Thi Thuy
Trinh To Tam
Trinh Xuan Truong
Truong Chi Trung
Truong Chinh
Truong Dinh Tuyen
Truong Hoa Binh
Truong Minh Tuan
Truong Quang Nghia
Truong Quoc Cuong
Truong Tan Sang
Truong Tan Vien
Truong Thanh Hoai
Truong Thi Mai
Truong Van Doan
Truong Vinh Trong
Ts. Hamid Awaludin
TSEND NYAMDORJ
U Khin Maung Win
U Soe Tha
Uong Chu Luu
Van Trong Ly
Vilay LAKHAMPHONG
Vince Henderson
Vitezslav Grepl
Vo Chi Cong
Vo Hong Phuc
Vo Minh Luong
Vo Thai Hoa
Vo Thanh Hung
Vo Tuan Nhan
Vo Van Hoan
Vo Van Hung
Vo Van Kiet
Vo Van Minh
Vo Van Thuong
Vu Bang
Vu Cao Cuong
Vu Chien Thang
Vu Duc Dam
Vu Dung
Vu Hai Quan
Vu Hai San
Vu Hong Khanh
Vu Hong Nam
Vu Hong Thuan
Vu Huy Hoang
Vu Khac Lien
Vu Khoan
Vu Le Quan
Vu Manh Ha
Vu Mong Giao
Vu Ngoc Anh
Vu Thi Lien
Vu Thi Mai
Vu Trong Hong
Vu Tuan Canh
Vu Tuan Cuong
Vu Van Ninh
Vu Van Tam
Vu Van Truong
Vuong Dinh Hue
Vy Trong Toan
Watana Muangsook
Yahya AKKURT
Yeo Cheow Tong
Yoon Young – Kwan
Yoriko Kawaguchi
Yrou Young - Kwan
Yury Nazaranka
Zafar Sh. Ruziev
Zdravko Marie
Zhakyp Assanov
Ziradin Jovanovic
Translation types
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
Summary
Content
Status
Vietnamese
Related documents
Diagram
Download
Bilingual Text
Please
log in
to your
Advanced Package
to view the full text. Do not have an account yet?
Register here
.
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Print
Share:
Text mode:
Light
|
Dark
Font size:
Send link to email
Send
Error message
Land Law 2024 No. 31/2024/QH15
* Required information
Email
*
Content
*
Send
ATTRIBUTE Land Law 2024 No. 31/2024/QH15
Land Law No. 31/2024/QH15 dated January 18, 2024 of the National Assembly
Issuing body:
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
Effective date:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Official number:
31/2024/QH15
Signer:
Vuong Dinh Hue
Type:
Law
Expiry date:
Updating
Issuing date:
18/01/2024
Effect status:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Fields:
Land - Housing
For more details,
click here.
Download files
here.
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
Effect status:
Known
The Effect status of this document is known.This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to view Effect status. Don’t have an account?
Register here
THE NATIONAL
ASSEMBLY
THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Independence - Freedom - Happiness
No. 31/2024/QH15
LAND LAW
[1]
Pursuant to the Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam;
The National Assembly promulgates the Land Law.
Chapter I
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Article 1.
Scope of regulation
This Law provides the land ownership regime; powers and responsibilities of the State acting as the owner’s representative of the entire-people ownership of land and performing the unified management of land; land management and use regime; and rights and obligations of citizens and land users with respect to land in the territory of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam.
Article 2.
Subjects of application
1. State agencies that exercise the powers and perform the responsibilities to act as the owner’s representatives of the entire-people ownership of land and perform the unified state management of land.
2. Land users.
3. Other subjects involved in land management and use.
Article 3.
Interpretation of terms
In this Law, the terms below are construed as follows:
1.
Cadastral map
means a map showing land parcels and relevant geographical features, that is made for a commune-level administrative unit or a district-level administrative unit where no commune-level administrative unit is established, and certified by a competent state agency.
2.
Land-use
status quo map
means a map showing the distribution of different types of land at a specified time, that is made for each administrative unit of a certain level and for each socio-economic region.
3.
Land use planning map
means a map that is made at the beginning of a planning period, showing the distribution of different types of land at the end of such planning period.
4.
Land protection, rehabilitation and restoration
means the application of managerial, technical, mechanical, biological and organic measures affecting land so as to treat polluted land and restore degraded land.
5.
Land-related compensation
means the State’s return of the land-use rights value of a recovered land area to the owner of such land area.
6.
Individual directly engaged in agricultural production
means a person who has been allocated or leased agricultural land or has agricultural land use rights recognized by the State; or who acquires agricultural land use rights and earns income from agricultural production on such land under the Government’s regulations.
7.
Remaining land investment cost
means a reasonable cost that has been invested in land by a land user as suitable for land use purposes but yet to be fully recovered by the time of land recovery by the State.
8.
Land use norm
means a land area for each type of land determined in a certain-level land-use master plan or land use plan by a competent state agency for allocation in the course of formulating a land-use master plan or land use plan.
9.
Land occupation
means the use of the State-managed land without permission of a competent state agency or the use of land of another lawful land user without its/his/her permission.
10.
Land-using investment project owner
(below referred to as project owner) means an investor defined in the investment law and relevant laws that has been selected to implement a land-using investment project and is allocated or leased land or has land repurposed in accordance with this Law.
11.
Land repurposing
means a land user being permitted to shift from one land use purpose to another in accordance with this Law.
12.
Transfer of land use rights
means the transfer of land use rights from one person to another in the form of conversion, transfer, inheritance or donation of land use rights or contribution of land use rights as capital.
13.
Residential community
means a community of Vietnamese living in the same village, hamlet, residential group or similar residential area who share the same customs and practices or the same family clans in the territory of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam.
14.
National land
database
means a collection of land databases in which data are arranged and organized to enable information access, exploitation, sharing, management and updating by electronic means.
15.
Registration of land and land-attached assets
means a land user, an owner of land-attached assets or a person assigned to manage land declaring land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to a competent state agency for recognition in accordance with this Law.
16.
Disputed land
means a land parcel involved in a land dispute that is undergoing settlement by a competent agency.
17.
Adjustment of land use period
means permission by a competent state agency for change of the land use period in the course of land use.
18.
Extension of land use
period
means permission by a competent state agency for continued land use upon expiration of the land use period for the current land use purpose in accordance with this Law.
19.
Land price
means the monetary value of land use rights per land area unit.
20.
Land use rights value
means the monetary value of land use rights for a land area and type of land at a given time with a specified use term.
21.
Certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets
means a legal certificate for the State to certify lawful land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for a person holding land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets. Certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued for land-attached assets that are houses or construction works attached to land in accordance with law. Certificates concerning land use rights and ownership of houses and land-attached assets specified in relevant laws and issued in accordance with this Law are as valid as certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets specified in this Law.
22.
Contribution of land use rights as capital
means an agreement between parties on the transfer of land use rights through the contribution of land use rights to the charter capital of an economic organization. Such contribution may take the form of capital contribution to establish an economic organization or additional contribution to the charter capital of an existing economic organization.
23.
National land information system
means a system consisting of information technology infrastructure, software and data that are developed into a national centralized and unified system for land information management, operation, updating and exploitation.
24.
Support upon land recovery by the State
means the State’s policy aiming to help persons whose land is recovered and owners of land-attached assets stabilize their life and production and development activities in addition to the paid compensations in accordance with this Law.
25.
Land-using household
means persons who have marriage, blood or nurture relations in accordance with the law on marriage and family, are living together and share land use rights by the time of land allocation or lease or land-use rights recognition by the State or acquisition of land use rights before the effective date of this Law.
26.
Production and business cooperation with land use rights
means an agreement between parties whereby a land user uses its/his/her land use rights for entering into production and business cooperation without changing such land use rights.
27.
Land destruction
means an act of deforming the terrain, degrading the land quality or polluting land which causes loss or reduction of land usability for a certain purpose.
28.
Land use plan
means the time-based phasing of a land use master plan for implementation.
29.
Land inventory
means organization by the State of survey, summarization and evaluation, based on cadastral dossiers and field study, of the land-use status quo at the time of inventory and land information changes between 2 inventories.
30.
Sea encroachment
means expansion of a land area from the lowest edge of mean sea level for many years seaward in a maritime zone of Vietnam.
31.
Land encroachment
means shifting by a land user of boundary markers or boundaries of a land parcel to expand the land area for use without permission of a competent state agency or without permission of the lawful user of such encroached land area.
32.
Lease of land use rights
by the State
(below referred to as land lease by the State) means issuance by a competent state agency of a decision on land lease to a subject wishing to use land.
33.
Recognition of land use rights by the State
means issuance by a competent state agency of a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for the first time to the current stable land user for a specific land parcel in accordance with this Law.
34.
Allocation of land use rights
by the State (below referred to as land allocation by the State) means issuance by a competent state agency of a decision on land allocation to a subject wishing to use land.
35.
Land recovery by the
State
means issuance by a competent state agency of a decision on recovery of land use rights of a land user or recovery of land of a current land user or recovery of land currently assigned by the State to a subject for management.
36.
Land-use master plan
means allocation of land use norms and land zoning for socio-economic development, national defense, security, environmental protection and climate change adaptation purposes on the basis of land potential and land use demand of sectors and fields for each administrative unit for a certain period.
37.
Lease right in a land lease contract
means the right of a land user that is formed when being leased land by the State with annual land rental payment. The land user may transfer the lease right in the land lease contract, while the transferee may take over the rights and obligations of the land user in accordance with this Law and other relevant laws.
38.
Stable land use
means use of land for a certain main purpose from the time of commencement of land use for that purpose to the time a competent state agency considers whether the land use is stable.
39.
Resettlement
means compensation by the State with residential land or house in a resettlement area or another suitable location to a person whose land is recovered or provision by the State of support through allocation of residential land or a resettlement house to a person who is ineligible for receiving compensation with residential land in accordance with this Law but has no accommodation else.
40.
Land degradation
means a state in which the land’s initial inherent properties and characteristics see negative changes due to impacts of natural conditions or humans.
41.
Collection of land statistics
means review and evaluation by the State, based on cadastral dossiers, of the land-use status quo at the time of statistics collection and land information changes between 2 times of statistics collection.
42.
Land parcel
means a land area delimited by boundaries described in cadastral dossiers or determined on the field.
43.
Standard land parcel
means a land parcel with area, shape and size properties representing land parcels in a value zone that is selected as a standard land parcel for valuation of other land parcels in such value zone.
44.
Land use levy
means a money amount payable by a land user to the State when being allocated land by the State with land use levy payment or being permitted by the State to repurpose land or in cases of land use requiring land use levy payment in accordance with law.
45.
Land rental
means a money amount payable by a land user to the State when being leased land by the State or permitted by the State to repurpose land for lease or in cases of land use requiring land rental payment in accordance with law.
46.
Foreign-invested economic organization
means an economic organization that is required to satisfy conditions and carry out investment procedures specified for foreign investors in accordance with the Investment Law to implement land-using investment projects.
47.
Land dispute
means a dispute over rights and obligations of land users between two or more parties in land relations.
48.
Value zone
means an area embracing adjacent land parcels with the same use purpose and similar factors in terms of location, profitability and infrastructure conditions and other factors affecting land prices.
49.
Vicinity
means a land area adjacent to a transport connection point or traffic route that is potential to be developed as planned
.
Article 4.
Land users
Land users that are allocated or leased land or have land use rights recognized by the State; are using land in a stable manner and eligible for issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets but have yet to be issued certificates of land use rights, certificates of ownership of houses and residential land use rights, certificates of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets, or certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets; acquire land use rights; or are subleased land in accordance with this Law include:
1. Domestic organizations, including:
a/ State agencies, agencies of the Communist Party of Vietnam, people’s armed forces units, Vietnam Fatherland Front, socio-political organizations, socio-political-professional organizations, social organizations, socio-professional organizations, public non-business units and other organizations as specified by law;
b/ Economic organizations as specified by the Investment Law, except the case specified in Clause 7 of this Article (below referred to as economic organizations);
2. Religious organizations and dependent religious organizations;
3. Domestic individuals and overseas Vietnamese who are Vietnamese citizens (below collectively referred to as individuals);
4. Residential communities;
5. Foreign organizations with diplomatic functions, including diplomatic missions, consular offices and other foreign representative offices with diplomatic functions recognized by the Government of Vietnam; representative offices of organizations belonging to the United Nations, inter-governmental agencies or organizations, and representative offices of inter-governmental organizations;
6. People of Vietnamese origin residing abroad;
7. Foreign-invested economic organizations.
Article 5.
Land use principles
1. To use land for proper purposes.
2. To ensure sustainable, economical and effective land use, for land and surface and underground resources.
3. To protect land and the environment, adapt to climate change, and refrain from abusing pesticides and chemical fertilizers that are likely to pollute or degrade land.
4. To exercise rights and perform obligations of land users during the land use period in accordance with this Law and other relevant laws; to refrain from infringing upon lawful rights and interests of adjacent and surrounding land users.
Article 6.
Persons responsible to the State for land use
1. Legal representatives of domestic organizations and foreign-invested economic organizations; and heads of foreign organizations with diplomatic functions, for land use by their organizations.
2. Chairpersons of commune-level People’s Committees, for the use of agricultural land for public purposes; non-agricultural land allocated to commune-level People’s Committees for use for construction of working offices of People’s Committees, public facilities serving cultural, educational, health, physical training, sports, recreation and entertainment activities, markets, cemeteries, and other public facilities of communes, wards and townships; and land for religious and belief activities not yet allocated for management and use.
3. Representatives of residential communities who are chiefs of villages, residential groups and similar residential areas or persons appointed by residential communities as agreed upon.
4. Representatives of religious organizations or dependent religious organizations, for land use by such religious organizations or dependent religious organizations.
5. Individuals and people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad, for land use by themselves.
6. Persons sharing land use rights or representatives of groups of persons sharing land use rights, for the use of the land under such land use rights.
Article 7.
Persons responsible to the State for land assigned to them for management
1. Representatives of the following organizations shall be held responsible for land management:
a/ Domestic organizations assigned to manage public facilities and safety corridors of such facilities in accordance with law;
b/ Domestic organizations assigned to manage land with water surface of rivers and land with specialized water surface;
c/ Domestic organizations assigned to manage recovered land areas under decisions of competent state agencies;
d/ Economic organizations assigned to manage land areas for implementation of investment projects in accordance with law.
2. Chairpersons of commune-level People’s Committees or chairpersons of district-level People’s Committees of localities where no commune-level administrative units are established shall be held responsible for the management of land areas reserved for public purposes that are assigned to them for management, and land areas not yet allocated or leased in localities.
3. Chairpersons of provincial-level People’s Committees shall be held responsible for the management of unused land areas on islands that have yet to be assigned to district- or commune-level administrative units for management.
4. Representatives of residential communities shall be held responsible for land areas assigned to residential communities for management.
Article 8.
Promotion of investment in land use
1. Improving land use efficiency.
2. Protecting and rehabilitating land and improving land fertility; treating polluted land and land with water surface, and restoring degraded land.
3. Carrying out sea encroachment, and putting areas of bare land and barren hills, riverine and coastal alluvia and fallow land with water surface into use in accordance with this Law.
4. Accumulating land for large-scale agricultural and forestry production.
5. Developing infrastructure to increase the land value and develop underground works.
6. Facilitating development of culture, health, education and training, physical training, sports, science and technology, and environmental protection.
Article 9.
Land classification
1. Based on use purposes, land shall be classified into agricultural land, non-agricultural land and unused land.
2. Agricultural land shall be classified into the following types:
a/ Land for annual crops, including paddy land and land for other annual crops;
b/ Land for perennials;
c/ Forestry land, including special-use forest land, protection forest land and production forest land;
d/ Land for aquaculture;
dd/ Land for livestock production;
e/ Land for salt making;
g/ Other types of agricultural land.
3. Non-agricultural land shall be classified into the following types:
a/ Residential land, including rural residential land and urban residential land;
b/ Land for construction of working offices;
c/ Land for national defense and security purposes;
d/ Land for construction of non-business facilities, including: land for construction of cultural, social, health, education and training, physical training, sports, science and technology, environmental, hydrometeorological and foreign affairs facilities and other non-business facilities, and land for construction of working offices of other public non-business units;
dd/ Land for non-agricultural production and business activities, including: land for industrial parks and cottage industry zones; commercial and service land; land for non-agricultural production facilities; and land for mineral activities;
e/ Land for public purposes, including: land for traffic works; land for hydraulic structures; land for water supply and drainage facilities; land for disaster preparedness facilities; land with historical-cultural relics, scenic spots or natural heritages; land for waste treatment facilities; land for energy and public lighting facilities; land for post, telecommunications and information technology infrastructure facilities; land for local people’s markets and wholesale markets; and land for public amusement parks and community activities;
g/ Land for religious activities; land for belief activities;
h/ Land for cemeteries, funeral homes and cremation facilities; land for columbaria;
i/ Land with special-use water surface;
k/ Other types of non-agricultural land.
4. Unused land means land with unidentifiable use purposes and neither yet allocated nor leased.
5. The Government shall provide in detail the types of land mentioned in this Article.
Article 10.
Determination of types of land
1. The determination of types of land shall be based on one of the following bases:
a/ Land-use rights certificate; certificate of ownership of houses and residential land use rights; certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets; or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets;
b/ Document concerning land use rights specified in Article 137 of this Law, in case of non-availability of a certificate specified at Point a of this Clause;
c/ Decision on land allocation, land lease or permission for land repurposing issued by a competent state agency, in case of unavailability of a certificate specified at Point a of this Clause.
2. In case of unavailability of a paper specified in Clause 1 of this Article and the type of land stated in the issued paper is different from a type of land classified in accordance with this Law or is different from the land-use status quo, the determination of types of land must comply with the Government’s regulations.
Article 11.
Prohibited acts in the field of land
1. Encroaching, occupying or destroying land.
2. Violating the regulations on state management of land.
3. Violating land policies toward ethnic minority people.
4. Abusing one’s positions and powers to contravene the regulations on land management.
5. Failing to provide land information or providing inaccurate land information, or failing to meet the law-specified time limit requirements.
6. Failing to prevent or handle violations of the land law.
7. Failing to comply with regulations upon exercise of rights of land users.
8. Using land or conducting transactions related to land use rights without making registration with competent agencies.
9. Failing to perform or incompletely performing financial obligations toward the State.
10. Obstructing or causing difficulties to the use of land and the exercise of rights of land users in accordance with law.
11. Practicing gender discrimination in land management and use.
Chapter II
POWERS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE STATE AND RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF CITIZENS WITH RESPECT TO LAND
Section 1
POWERS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE STATE AS THE OWNER’S REPRESENTATIVE WITH RESPECT TO LAND
Article 12.
Land ownership
Land is under the entire-people ownership in which the State acts as the owner’s representative and performs the unified management. The State shall grant land use rights to land users in accordance with this Law.
Article 13.
Rights of the State as the owner’s representative with respect to land
1. To decide on land-use master plans.
2. To decide on land use purposes through land-use master plans or land use plans, land allocation, land lease, recognition of land use rights and permission for land repurposing.
3. To provide land use quotas, including agricultural land allocation quotas, residential land allocation quotas, residential land recognition quotas and quotas for acquisition of agricultural land use rights.
4. To decide on land use periods.
5. To decide on land recovery.
6. To decide on land requisition.
7. To decide on land allocation without land use levy payment or land allocation with land use levy payment.
8. To decide on land lease with annual land rental payment or land lease with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period.
9. To recognize land use rights.
10. To provide principles and methods of land valuation; to issue land price lists and decide on specific land prices.
11. To decide on land-related financial policies; to regulate the increased value from land that is not brought about by land users’ investment.
12. To provide rights and obligations of land users as suitable to the form of land allocation, land lease, recognition of land use rights, origin of land use, and financial obligations of land users.
Article 14.
The State exercising rights of the owner’s representative with respect to land
The State exercises rights of the owner’s representative with respect to land according to its competence defined in this Law and other relevant laws through the following agencies, specifically as follows:
1. The National Assembly and National Assembly Standing Committee may promulgate laws, ordinances and resolutions on land; decide on national land-use master plans; and exercise the right to oversee land management and use nationwide;
2. People’s Councils at all levels may approve land-use master plans of their localities before submitting them to competent agencies for approval; approve land recovery for implementation of socio-economic development projects for national and public interests of localities within their competence; approve the repurposing of paddy land, special-use forest land, protection forest land and production forest land within their competence provided in this Law; decide on land price lists; and supervise the implementation of the land law in their localities;
3. The Government and People’s Committees at all levels may exercise rights of the owner’s representative with respect to land within their competence specified in this Law and other relevant laws.
Article 15.
The State’s responsibilities toward land users
1. To adopt policies to assist persons directly engaged in agricultural production who have no production land as a result of land use restructuring and economic restructuring in vocational training, job change and job seeking.
2. To issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to land users when the latter fully satisfy the conditions specified by the land law.
3. To provide compensation, support and resettlement in accordance with law for persons whose land is recovered by the State for national defense and security purposes or for socio-economic development for national and public interests.
4. To carry out public communication about, and disseminate the land law and policies and guide and provide legal aid in accordance with law to land users, in the implementation of land policies, laws and administrative procedures, and exploitation of information in the national land database.
5. To settle land disputes, and land-related complaints and denunciations.
Article 16.
The State’s land-related responsibilities toward ethnic minority people
1. To adopt policies to ensure land areas reserved for community activities for ethnic minority people in conformity with customs, practices, beliefs, cultural identities and practical conditions of each region.
2. To adopt policies on first-time provision of land-related support for ethnic minority people who are members of poor households or households living just above the poverty line in ethnic minority and mountainous areas in conformity with customs, practices, beliefs, cultural identities and practical conditions of each region to stabilize their life, specifically as follows:
a/ Allocating residential land within quotas and granting land use levy exemption or reduction;
b/ Permitting the repurposing of land of other types to residential land within residential land allocation quotas and granting land use levy exemption or reduction, for land allocated, leased or recognized by the State or land use rights inherited, donated or acquired in accordance with law;
c/ Allocating agricultural land within quotas without land use levy payment;
d/ Leasing non-agricultural land other than residential land for production and business purposes and granting land rental exemption or reduction;
dd/ The area of land allocated or permitted to be repurposed under Points a and b of this Clause shall be calculated for the total land area allocated or permitted to be repurposed by the State in the course of implementation of land policies toward ethnic minority people.
3. To adopt land-related support policies to stabilize the livelihood of ethnic minority people who have been allocated or leased land by the State under Clause 2 of this Article but no longer have land or lack land as compared to the law-specified quotas and who are members of poor households or households living just above the poverty line in ethnic minority and mountainous areas, specifically as follows:
a/ In case these people no longer have residential land, they will be allocated residential land or permitted to repurpose land of other types to residential land within residential land allocation quotas and entitled to land use levy exemption or reduction. In case these people lack residential land, they will be permitted to repurpose land of other types to residential land within residential land allocation quotas and entitled to land use levy exemption or reduction;
b/ In case these people no longer have or lack agricultural land, they will be allocated agricultural land within agricultural land allocation quotas without land use levy payment or leased non-agricultural land other than residential land for production and business purposes and entitled to land rental exemption or reduction.
4. Land for implementation of the policies specified in Clauses 1, 2 and 3 of this Article shall be allocated from land areas managed by the State’s agencies or organizations or from recovered land areas specified in Clause 29, Article 79 of this Law.
5. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall base themselves on practical local conditions and existing land areas to decide on land areas to be allocated or leased for implementation of land-related support policies for ethnic minority people under Clause 3 of this Article.
6. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall submit to same-level People’s Councils for promulgation local policies on land for ethnic minority people living in their localities in conformity with practical local conditions and organize the implementation thereof.
7. Annually, commune-level People’s Committees shall review and report to district-level People’s Committees on cases in which people no longer have, lack or do not have land in order to allocate or lease land under Clauses 2 and 3 of this Article; cases of violations of land policies toward ethnic minority people; and cases in which people have been allocated or leased land by the State under Clause 3 of this Article but no longer need to use land while land recovery is required for implementation of land policies toward ethnic minority people under this Article.
8. Funds for compensation, support and resettlement for land recovery under Clause 29, Article 79 of this Law; funds for land measurement, making of cadastral dossiers, and issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets; and other funds for implementation of land policies toward ethnic minority people shall be allocated from the state budget and other lawful funding sources in accordance with law.
9. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 17.
The State’s guarantees for land users
1. The State shall protect lawful land use rights and land-attached assets of land users.
2. The State does not recognize the claim of land allocated under the State’s regulations for use by others in the course of implementation of land policies of the then State of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam and Provisional Revolutionary Government of the Republic of South Vietnam, and the State of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam.
Article 18.
The State’s responsibilities in the provision of land information
1. To guarantee the right of land users and other organizations and individuals to access the National Land Information System in accordance with law; to prioritize the selection of forms suitable to customs, practices and traditional culture of each ethnic group and each region.
2. To promptly announce and publicize information of the National Land Information System to land users and other organizations and individuals, except information classified as state secrets in accordance with law.
3. To notify administrative decisions and administrative acts in the field of land management to land users and other organizations and individuals that have their lawful rights and interests affected by such decisions or acts.
Article 19.
Role and responsibilities of the Vietnam Fatherland Front and its member organizations in land management and use
1. The Central Committee of the Vietnam Fatherland Front shall participate in formulating laws and carry out social criticism on draft legal documents on land, drafts of national land-use master plans or land use plans, and land-using projects subject to investment policy decision or approval by the National Assembly or Prime Minister.
2. The Vietnam Fatherland Front Committees at all levels have the following responsibilities:
a/ To participate in the formulation of laws; to carry out social criticism on draft legal documents on land, drafts of land use master plans or land use plans of the same level, and land-using projects subject to investment policy decision or approval by People’s Councils or People’s Committees at the same level;
b/ To give opinions on cases of land recovery; compensation, support and resettlement plans; and cases subject to enforcement of land recovery;
c/ To give opinions on and oversee the process of formulating land price lists and applying land price lists;
d/ To participate in mediation of land disputes in accordance with law;
dd/ To oversee the implementation of policies and laws on land recovery and land requisition; compensation, support and resettlement; land allocation, land lease and land repurposing; and issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets.
3. The Vietnam Fatherland Front and its member organizations shall carry out public communication about, and disseminate land policies and laws to the people, and mobilize the people to properly implement and observe land policies and laws.
Section 2
STATE MANAGEMENT OF LAND
Article 20.
Contents of state management of land
1. Promulgating, and organizing the implementation of, legal documents on land management and use.
2. Carrying out public communication, dissemination, education, training, scientific research, technological development and international cooperation in land management and use.
3. Determining boundaries of administrative units, and making and managing dossiers of boundaries of administrative units.
4. Carrying out land measurement, and making and correcting cadastral maps, land-use status quo maps, maps of land-use master plans and specialized maps on land management and use.
5. Carrying out land survey and evaluation and land protection, rehabilitation and restoration.
6. Formulating, modifying and managing land-use master plans and land use plans.
7. Allocating land, leasing land, recovering land, recognizing land use rights, requisitioning land, and repurposing land.
8. Carrying out land survey, formulating land price lists and specific land prices, and managing land prices.
9. Performing land-related financial management.
10. Providing compensation, support and resettlement upon land recovery or land requisition by the State.
11. Developing, managing and exploiting land funds.
12. Carrying out land registration, making and managing cadastral dossiers; issuing, correcting, revoking or cancelling certificates.
13. Carrying out land statistics and inventory.
14. Establishing, managing, operating and exploiting the National Land Information System.
15. Managing and supervising the exercise of rights and the performance of obligations by land users.
16. Settling land disputes, and land-related complaints and denunciations.
17. Providing and managing land-related public service activities.
18. Inspecting, examining, supervising, monitoring and evaluating the observance of the land law and handling violations of the land law.
Article 21.
Tasks and powers of the Government, Prime Minister, ministries, ministerial-level agencies and local administrations at all levels
1. The Government shall perform the unified state management of land nationwide.
2. The Prime Minister shall perform the state management of land in accordance with this Law.
3. The Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment shall act as the focal point to assist the Government and Prime Minister in performing the state management of land.
4. Ministries and ministerial-level agencies shall, within the ambit of their tasks and powers, assist the Government and Prime Minister in performing the state management of land.
5. Local administrations at all levels shall perform the state management of land in localities within their competence specified in this Law.
In district-level administrative units where no commune-level administrative units are established, district-level People’s Councils or People’s Committees shall perform the tasks and exercise the powers of commune-level People’s Councils or People’s Committees specified in this Law.
Article 22.
Agencies with land management function and commune-level civil servants engaged in cadastral work
1. The system of agencies with land management function shall be uniformly organized at the central and local levels.
2. The central agency performing the state management of land is the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment.
3. Local agencies with land management function shall be established at provincial and district levels.
4. Land-related public service organizations, including land registration organizations, land fund development organizations and other public service organizations, shall be established and operate under the Government’s regulations.
5. Commune-level People’s Committees have civil servants engaged in cadastral work in accordance with the Law on Cadres and Civil Servants. Civil servants engaged in cadastral work shall assist commune-level People’s Committees in managing land in their localities.
Section 3
LAND-RELATED RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF CITIZENS
Article 23.
Land-related rights of citizens
1. To participate in formulating, giving opinions on, and supervising the finalization and organizing the implementation of, land policies and laws.
2. To participate in performing the state management, giving opinions on, discussing, and making recommendations and reports on land management and use to state agencies.
3. To exercise the rights to equality and gender equality in land management and use.
4. To participate in the auction of land use rights, and bidding for selection of investors to implement land-using projects in accordance with law; to request the State to allocate land, or lease land without auction of land use rights or without bidding for selection of investors to implement land-using projects in accordance with law.
5. To acquire, receive as donations, inherit, receive as capital contributions, or rent land use rights; to purchase, sell or acquire the value of land use rights as shares or capital contribution in accordance with law.
6. To exercise the rights of land users in accordance with this Law.
Article 24.
The right to access land information
1. Citizens may access the following land information:
a/ Land use master plans and plans, and land use-related master plans decided or approved by competent state agencies;
b/ Results of land statistics and inventory;
c/ Land allocation and land lease;
d/ Announced land price lists;
dd/ Plans on compensation, support and resettlement upon land recovery by the State, approved by competent agencies;
e/ Results of the inspection, examination, and settlement of land disputes; results of the settlement of land-related complaints and denunciations, and results of the handling of violations of the land law;
g/ Land-related administrative procedures;
h/ Legal documents on land;
i/ Other law-specified land information.
2. Access to land information must comply with this Law, the law on access to information and other relevant laws.
Article 25.
Land-related obligations of citizens
1. To strictly comply with the land law.
2. To preserve, protect and develop land resources.
3. To respect land use rights of other land users.
Chapter III
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF LAND USERS
Section 1
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Article 26.
General rights of land users
1. To be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets when fully satisfying the conditions specified in the land law.
2. To enjoy fruits of labor and investment on lawfully used land.
3. To enjoy benefits upon the State’s investment in protection, rehabilitation and development of agricultural land.
4. To receive the State’s guidance and assistance in rehabilitation and restoration of agricultural land.
5. To enjoy the State’s protection when having their land-related lawful rights and interests infringed upon by others.
6. To repurpose land in accordance with this Law and other relevant laws.
7. To enjoy compensation, support and resettlement upon land recovery by the State in accordance with this Law.
8. To file complaints and denunciations or initiate lawsuits against acts infringing upon their lawful land use rights and other violations of the land law.
Article 27.
Rights to convert, transfer, lease, sublease, inherit and donate land use rights; mortgage land use rights or contribute land use rights as capital
1. Land users may exercise rights to convert, transfer, lease, sublease, inherit or donate land use rights; and mortgage land use rights or contribute land use rights as capital in accordance with this Law and other relevant laws.
2. A group of land users who share land use rights have the following rights and obligations:
a/ The same rights and obligations as those of individuals as specified in this Law, for a group of land users being household members and individuals.
In case a group of land users includes an economic organization as its member, they have the same rights and obligations as those of economic organizations as specified in this Law;
b/ In case land use rights of members of a group of land users can be divided by share to each member and each member wishes to exercise his/her rights to his/her share of land use rights, he/she is required to register land information changes or split land parcels under regulations, and carry out procedures for issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, and exercise the rights and perform the obligations of land users in accordance with this Law.
In case land use rights of members of a group of land users cannot be divided by share, these members may jointly exercise or authorize a representative of them to exercise the rights and perform the obligations of the group.
3. Notarization and certification of contracts and documents on exercise of rights of land users:
a/ Contracts on transfer, donation, mortgage, or contribution as capital, of land use rights or land use rights and land-attached assets shall be notarized or certified, except the case specified at Point b of this Clause;
b/ Contracts on lease or sublease of land use rights or land use rights and land-attached assets; contracts on conversion of agricultural land use rights; and contracts on transfer, or contribution as capital, of land use rights, land use rights and land-attached assets or land-attached assets under which one or all of contracting parties is/are real estate business organization(s) shall be notarized or certified at the request of the parties;
c/ Documents on inheritance of land use rights or land use rights and land-attached assets shall be notarized or certified in accordance with the civil law;
d/ The notarization and certification of contracts and documents must comply with the law on notarization and certification.
Article 28.
Receipt of land use rights
1. Recipients of land use rights are specified as follows:
a/ Individuals may have their land use rights converted under Point b, Clause 1, Article 37 of this Law;
b/ Economic organizations and individuals may acquire land use rights;
c/ Foreign-invested economic organizations and people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and permitted to enter Vietnam may acquire the use rights of land in industrial parks, cottage industry zones and hi-tech parks;
d/ Foreign-invested economic organizations may acquire the value of land use rights as investment capital under the Government’s regulations;
dd/ Economic organizations and foreign-invested economic organizations may receive land use rights contributed as capital;
e/ Domestic organizations, individuals and residential communities may receive land use rights as donations in accordance with this Law;
g/ Domestic organizations, individuals and residential communities may inherit land use rights;
h/ People of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and permitted to enter Vietnam may purchase or rent with an option to purchase houses associated with residential land use rights, or receive residential land use rights under housing development projects; inherit use rights of residential land and land of other types in the same land parcels with houses thereon in accordance with the civil law; and receive houses associated with residential land use rights as donations from persons in ranks of inheritance in accordance with the civil law;
i/ Domestic organizations, individuals, residential communities, religious organizations, dependent religious organizations, and people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad may be allocated land by the State; and foreign-invested economic organizations may be allocated land by the State to implement investment projects on construction of houses for sale or for combined sale and lease;
k/ Economic organizations, public non-business units, religious organizations, dependent religious organizations, individuals, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad, foreign-invested economic organizations, and foreign organizations with diplomatic functions may be leased land by the State;
l/ Domestic organizations, individuals, residential communities, religious organizations and dependent religious organizations may have their land use rights recognized by the State, for land currently in stable use;
m/ Domestic organizations, individuals, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and permitted to enter Vietnam, and foreign-invested economic organizations may acquire land use rights based on results of successful conciliation of land disputes as recognized by competent People’s Committees; agreements in mortgage contracts for debt settlement; competent state agencies’ decisions on settlement of land disputes and land-related complaints and denunciations, court judgments and rulings, and enforced judgment execution decisions of judgment enforcement agencies; decisions or awards of the Vietnam Commercial Arbitration; documents on recognition of results of auction of land use rights in accordance with law; and documents on division or splitting of land use rights in accordance with law, for groups of land users who share land use rights;
n/ Residential communities, religious organizations and dependent religious organizations may acquire land use rights based on results of successful conciliation of land disputes as recognized by competent People’s Committees; competent state agencies’ decisions on settlement of land disputes and land-related complaints and denunciations, court judgments and rulings, and enforced judgment execution decisions of judgment enforcement agencies; and decisions or awards of the Vietnam Commercial Arbitration;
o/ Domestic organizations that are legal entities newly formed from division, splitting, merger, consolidation or transformation of organizational models under decisions of competent agencies or organizations or under documents on division, splitting, merger, consolidation or transformation of organizational models of economic organizations in accordance with law may acquire land use rights from organizations that are legal entities undergoing such division, splitting, merger, consolidation or transformation.
2. Domestic organizations and individuals may acquire land use rights in accordance with law, regardless of their places of residence or headquarters, except the cases specified in Clause 8, Article 45, and Article 48, of this Law.
3. For areas where land access is restricted, the acquisition of land use rights specified in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article must comply with the order and procedures specified by the Government.
Article 29.
Rights to adjacent land parcels
1. Rights to adjacent land parcels include rights to passageway; water supply and drainage; watering and drainage in cultivation; gas supply; installation of power transmission lines, and communications, and other essential needs as specified by law.
2. The establishment, change or termination of rights to adjacent land parcels must comply with the civil law and, at the same time, such rights are subject to registration under Article 133 of this Law, for the rights to passageway; water supply and drainage; and watering and drainage in cultivation.
Article 30.
The right to choose the form of land rental payment
1. Economic organizations, public non-business units, individuals, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad, and foreign-invested economic organizations that are currently leased land by the State with annual land rental payment while being eligible for land lease by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period as specified in this Law may shift to the form of land lease with one-off payment of land rental for the remaining lease period, and it is required to re-determine land prices for calculating land rental at the time of issuance of a decision permitting the shift to the form of land lease with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period in accordance with this Law.
2. Economic organizations, individuals, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad, and foreign-invested economic organizations that are leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period may shift to the form of land lease with annual land rental payment. The paid land rental amount shall be deducted from the payable annual land rental amount under the Government’s regulations.
3. Public non-business units that are allocated land by the State without land use levy payment but wish to use part or the whole of the allocated land area for production, business or service provision purposes may shift to the form of land lease by the State with annual land rental payment for such land area.
Article 31.
General obligations of land users
1. To use land for proper purposes, within boundaries of land parcels and in accordance with regulations on the use of depth under the ground and height in the space, and protection of underground public works, and comply with other relevant regulations.
2. To make land registration declaration; to carry out procedures for conversion, transfer, lease, sublease, inheritance or donation of land use rights, mortgage of land use rights or contribution of land use rights as capital in accordance with law.
3. To perform land-related financial obligations in accordance with law.
4. To take land protection measures; to treat, improve and restore land areas suffering pollution or degradation caused by them.
5. To comply with regulations on environmental protection, and not to harm assets and lawful interests of related land users.
6. To comply with regulations concerning the discovery of underground objects.
7. To hand over land subject to the State’s land recovery decisions in accordance with law.
Section 2
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF LAND-USING DOMESTIC ORGANIZATIONS, RELIGIOUS ORGANIZATIONS AND DEPENDENT RELIGIOUS ORGANIZATIONS
Article 32.
Rights and obligations of domestic organizations, religious organizations and dependent religious organizations that are allocated land by the State without land use levy payment
1. Domestic organizations, religious organizations and dependent religious organizations that are allocated land by the State without land use levy payment have the general rights and obligations specified in Articles 26 and 31 of this Law.
2. Domestic organizations, religious organizations and dependent religious organizations that are allocated land by the State without land use levy payment may not convert, transfer, donate, lease or mortgage land use rights or contribute land use rights as capital.
Article 33.
Rights and obligations of domestic organizations that are allocated land by the State with land use levy payment or leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period
1. Economic organizations that are allocated land by the State with land use levy payment or leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period have the following rights and obligations:
a/ The general rights and obligations specified in Articles 26 and 31 of this Law;
b/ To transfer land use rights and land-attached assets under their ownership;
c/ To lease land use rights and land-attached assets under their ownership in case they are allocated land by the State with land use levy payment; to sublease land use rights and land-attached assets under their ownership in case they are leased by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period;
d/ To donate land use rights to the State; to donate land use rights to residential communities for construction of works for the latter’s common interests or for expansion of roads under relevant master plans; to donate land use rights for construction of land-attached gratitude houses, charity houses or solidarity houses in accordance with law;
dd/ To mortgage land use rights and land-attached assets under their ownership at credit institutions licensed to operate in Vietnam or at other economic organizations or with individuals in accordance with law;
e/ To contribute land use rights and land-attached assets under their ownership as capital to domestic organizations, individuals, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested economic organizations in accordance with law.
2. Public non-business units that are leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period for construction and commercial operation of infrastructure of industrial parks or cottage industry zones as specified in Clause 2, Article 202 of this Law have the rights and obligations specified in Clause 1 of this Article.
3. Domestic organizations that are allocated land by the State with land use levy payment or leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period and are entitled to land use levy or land rental exemption or reduction have the rights and obligations under the following provisions:
a/ In case they are allocated land by the State for implementation of investment projects on construction of social houses or houses for the people’s armed forces, or investment projects on condominium renovation or reconstruction while being entitled to land use levy exemption or reduction, they have the same rights and obligations as those in case they are not entitled to land use levy exemption or reduction;
b/ Domestic organizations that are allocated land by the State with land use levy payment or leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period for implementation of investment projects for business purposes while being entitled to land use levy or land rental exemption or reduction have the same rights and obligations as those in case they are not entitled to land use levy or land rental exemption or reduction. In case of transfer of land use rights or contribution of land use rights as capital, they shall pay to the State an amount equivalent to the exempted or reduced land use levy or land rental amount at the time of land allocation, land lease or land repurposing permission, unless otherwise provided by relevant laws.
Article 34.
Rights and obligations of economic organizations, public non-business units, religious organizations and dependent religious organizations that use land leased by the State with annual land rental payment
1. Economic organizations, religious organizations and dependent religious organizations that are leased land by the State with annual land rental payment have the following rights and obligations:
a/ The general rights and obligations specified in Articles 26 and 31 of this Law;
b/ To mortgage land-attached assets under their ownership at credit institutions licensed to operate in Vietnam or at other economic organizations or with individuals in accordance with law;
c/ To sell land-attached assets under their ownership, or sell land-attached assets under their ownership and the lease right in land lease contracts when satisfying the conditions specified in Article 46 of this Law. Purchasers of land-attached assets and the lease right in land lease contracts may continue to rent land for the defined purposes and the remaining land use period, and take over the rights and obligations of land users in accordance with this Law and other relevant laws;
d/ To contribute land-attached assets under their ownership as capital in the land lease period; recipients of assets contributed as capital may continue to be leased land by the State for the defined purposes and the remaining land use period;
dd/ To lease land-attached assets under their ownership and the lease right in land lease contracts;
e/ To sublease land use rights in the form of annual land rental payment for land with completely constructed infrastructure thereon in case they are permitted to construct and commercially operate infrastructure on land in industrial parks, cottage industry zones or hi-tech parks; those subleased land use rights shall use land for proper purposes and perform financial obligations in accordance with law.
2. Public non-business units that are leased land by the State with annual land rental payment and do not fall into the case of using land for construction and commercial operation of infrastructure in industrial parks or cottage industry zones specified in Clause 2, Article 202 of this Law have the rights and obligations specified in Clause 1 of this Article, except the right to sell and the right to mortgage land-attached assets, the right to contribute land-attached assets as capital, and the lease right in land lease contracts. The exploitation and use of the land areas already leased by the State concurrently for other purposes must comply with the following provisions:
a/ For land leased by the State to public non-business units, these units may exploit and use such land for multiple purposes under plans approved by managing agencies in accordance with this Law and relevant laws. In case these units invest in constructing works on such land, they shall comply with the construction law. The exploitation and use of land for multiple purposes shall be accounted in accordance with law;
b/ For land currently used by public non-business units and these units wish to lease such land or enter into joint ventures or associations with economic organizations in using such land, they shall formulate schemes on use of public assets for the purpose of lease or joint venture/association and have them approved by competent authorities in accordance with the law on management and use of public assets.
3. Economic organizations and public non-business units that use land leased from organizations and individuals outside industrial parks, cottage industry zones or hi-tech parks have rights and obligations provided by the civil law.
Article 35.
Rights and obligations of economic organizations that acquire land use rights or repurpose land
1. Economic organizations that acquire land use rights or repurpose land have the general rights and obligations specified in Articles 26 and 31 of this Law.
2. Economic organizations that acquire the use rights of land allocated by the State with land use levy payment or of land leased by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period have the rights and obligations specified in Clauses 1 and 3, Article 33 of this Law.
3. Economic organizations that acquire agricultural land use rights in accordance with law have the following rights and obligations:
a/ The rights and obligations specified in Clauses 1 and 3, Article 33 of this Law, in case they acquire agricultural land use rights without land repurposing;
b/ The rights and obligations specified in Clauses 1 and 3, Article 33 of this Law, in case they acquire agricultural land use rights with land repurposing and are allocated land by the State with land use levy payment or leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period;
c/ The rights and obligations specified in Clause 1, Article 34 of this Law, in case they acquire agricultural land use rights with land repurposing and are leased land by the State with annual land rental payment.
4. Land-using economic organizations that are permitted by competent state agencies to shift from the form of land allocation without land use levy payment to the form of land allocation with land use levy payment or to the form of land lease have the following rights and obligations:
a/ The rights and obligations specified in Clauses 1 and 3, Article 33 of this Law, in case they are allocated land by the State with land use levy payment or leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period;
b/ The rights and obligations specified in Clause 1, Article 34 of this Law, in case they are leased land by the State with annual land rental payment.
Article 36.
Rights and obligations of economic organizations that receive land use rights contributed as capital; land use rights of dissolved or bankrupt economic organizations
1. Economic organizations that receive land use rights contributed as capital from individuals or other economic organizations have the rights and obligations specified in Article 33 of this Law in the following cases:
a/ Land of capital-contributing economic organizations is allocated by the State with land use levy payment or leased by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period, or is under acquired land use rights;
b/ Land of capital-contributing individuals is not land leased by the State with annual land rental payment.
2. Land use rights of dissolved or bankrupt cooperatives or cooperative unions:
a/ For land allocated by the State without land use levy payment; land allocated by the State with land use levy payment, land leased, or land from purchase of land-attached assets or acquisition of lawful land use rights from other persons, if the land use levy, land rental, money amount for the purchase of land-attached assets, or money amount from acquisition of land use rights comes from the State’s support, the State shall recover such land in accordance with this Law and the law on cooperatives;
b/ For land allocated by the State with land use levy payment, land leased by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period, or land from purchase of land-attached assets or acquisition of lawful land use rights from other persons, if the land use levy, land rental, money amount for the purchase of land-attached assets, or money amount from acquisition of land use rights does not come from the State’s support; or land with use rights contributed by cooperative members to cooperatives or cooperative unions, the State shall not recover such land , and such land use rights will belong to cooperatives or cooperative unions and shall be handled according to the charter of cooperatives or cooperative unions and resolutions of the members’ general meetings.
3. Land use rights of economic organizations that are dissolved or bankrupt enterprises shall be handled in accordance with the law on enterprises, law on bankruptcy and other relevant laws.
Section 3
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF LAND-USING INDIVIDUALS AND RESIDENTIAL COMMUNITIES
Article 37.
Rights and obligations of land-using individuals
1. Individuals who use agricultural land allocated by the State within agricultural land allocation quotas; land allocated by the State with land use levy payment; land leased by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period; land with use rights recognized by the State; or land received after conversion, acquisition, donation or inheritance have the following rights and obligations:
a/ The general rights and obligations specified in Articles 26 and 31 of this Law;
b/ To convert agricultural land use rights with other individuals;
c/ To transfer land use rights and land-attached assets under their ownership in accordance with law;
d/ To lease land use rights and land-attached assets under their ownership to other organizations and individuals and people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad that invest in Vietnam;
dd/ To bequeath land use rights and land-attached assets under their ownership according to testaments or law.
In case heirs of the above individuals are people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad who fall into the case specified in Clause 1, Article 44 of this Law, they may inherit land use rights; if not falling into the case specified in Clause 1, Article 44 of this Law, they may enjoy the value of such inheritance;
e/ To donate land use rights to the State; to donate land use rights to residential communities for construction of works for the latter’s common interests or for expansion of roads under relevant master plans; to donate land use rights for construction of land-attached gratitude houses, charity houses or solidarity houses in accordance with law; to donate land use rights and land-attached assets under their ownership to individuals or people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad who fall into the case specified in Clause 1, Article 44 of this Law;
g/ To mortgage land use rights and land-attached assets under their ownership at credit institutions licensed to operate in Vietnam or at other economic organizations or with individuals in accordance with law;
h/ To contribute land use rights and land-attached assets under their ownership as capital to organizations, or contribute land use rights for production and business cooperation with individuals and people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad.
2. Individuals who are leased land by the State with annual land rental payment have the following rights and obligations:
a/ The general rights and obligations specified in Articles 26 and 31 of this Law;
b/ To sell land-attached assets under their ownership or sell land-attached assets under their ownership and the lease right in land lease contracts when satisfying the conditions specified in Article 46 of this Law. Purchasers of land-attached assets and the lease right in land lease contracts may continue to rent the land for defined purposes and the remaining land use period; and take over the rights and obligations of land users in accordance with this Law and relevant laws;
c/ To bequeath or donate land-attached assets under their ownership and the lease right in land lease contracts; heirs and donees of assets and the lease right in land lease contracts may continue to be leased land by the State for defined purposes;
d/ To lease land-attached assets under their ownership or sublease the lease right in land lease contracts;
dd/ To mortgage land-attached assets under their ownership at credit institutions licensed to operate in Vietnam or at other economic organizations or with individuals in accordance with law;
e/ To contribute land-attached assets under their ownership as capital in the land lease period with organizations, individuals and people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad; recipients of assets contributed as capital may continue to be leased land by the State for defined purposes and the remaining land lease period.
3. Individuals who are subleased land in industrial parks, cottage industry zones and hi-tech parks have the following rights and obligations:
a/ The rights and obligations specified in Clause 1 of this Article, in case they are leased or subleased land with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period;
b/ The rights and obligations specified in Clause 2 of this Article, in case they are leased or subleased land with annual payment of land rental.
4. Individuals who are allocated or leased land by the State while being entitled to land use levy or land rental exemption or reduction have the same rights and obligations as those in case they are not entitled to land use levy or land rental exemption or reduction.
5. Individuals who use land leased by organizations or individuals other than those specified in Clause 3 of this Article have rights and obligations specified in the civil law.
Article 38.
Rights and obligations of individuals who shift from the form of land allocation without land use levy payment to the form of land allocation with land use levy payment or to the form of land lease
1. Individuals may shift from the form of land allocation by the State without land use levy payment to the form of land allocation by the State with land use levy payment or to the form of land lease by the State have the general rights and obligations specified in Articles 26 and 31 of this Law.
2. Land-using individuals who are permitted by competent state agencies to shift from the form of land allocation by the State without land use levy payment to the form of land allocation by the State with land use levy payment or to the form of land lease by the State have the following rights and obligations:
a/ The rights and obligations specified in Clause 1, Article 37 of this Law, in case they are allocated land by the State with land use levy payment or leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period;
b/ The rights and obligations specified in Clause 2, Article 37 of this Law, in case they are leased land by the State with annual land rental payment.
Article 39.
Rights and obligations of land-using residential communities
1. Land-using residential communities have the general rights and obligations specified in Articles 26 and 31 of this Law.
2. Land-using residential communities have the same rights and obligations as those of individuals with the corresponding form of land use, except the right to bequeath.
In case a residential community is allocated land by the State without land use levy payment or has its land use rights recognized by the State in the form of land allocation without land use levy payment, then it has no right to convert, transfer, donate or lease land use rights, mortgage land use rights or contribute land use rights as capital.
Section 4
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF LAND-USING FOREIGN ORGANIZATIONS WITH DIPLOMATIC FUNCTIONS, PEOPLE OF VIETNAMESE ORIGIN RESIDING ABROAD AND FOREIGN-INVESTED ECONOMIC ORGANIZATIONS
Article 40.
Rights and obligations of foreign organizations with diplomatic functions
1. Foreign organizations with diplomatic functions that use land in Vietnam have the following rights and obligations:
a/ The general rights and obligations specified in Articles 26 and 31 of this Law;
b/ To construct works on land under permits issued by Vietnam’s competent state agencies;
c/ To own the works they construct on leased land in the land lease period;
d/ The return of land or transfer of land use rights by foreign organizations with diplomatic functions when they no longer need to use the leased land for defined purposes must comply with relevant treaties and international agreements and law.
2. In case a treaty to which the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is a contracting party otherwise provides, foreign organizations with diplomatic functions have the rights and obligations provided in such treaty.
Article 41.
Rights and obligations of people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested economic organizations that use land for implementation of investment projects in Vietnam
1. People of Vietnamese origin residing abroad who return to invest in Vietnam and are allocated land by the State with land use levy payment have the rights and obligations specified in Clause 1, Article 33 of this Law.
2. People of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested economic organizations that are leased land by the State with annual land rental payment have the following rights and obligations:
a/ The general rights and obligations specified in Articles 26 and 31 of this Law;
b/ To mortgage land-attached assets under their ownership at credit institutions licensed to operate in Vietnam;
c/ To contribute land-attached assets under their ownership as capital in the land lease period; recipients of assets contributed as capital may continue to be leased land by the State for the defined purposes and the remaining lease period;
d/ To sell land-attached assets under their ownership, or sell land-attached assets under their ownership and the lease right in land lease contracts when satisfying the conditions specified in Article 46 of this Law. Purchasers of land-attached assets and the lease right in land lease contracts may continue to rent land for defined purposes and the remaining land use period and have the rights and obligations of land users in accordance with this Law and relevant laws;
dd/ To lease land-attached assets under their ownership and the lease right in land lease contracts;
e/ To sublease land use rights in the form of annual land rental payment for land with completely constructed infrastructure thereon, in case they are permitted to construct and commercially operate infrastructure on land in industrial parks, cottage industry zones and hi-tech parks; those who are subleased land use rights shall use land for proper purposes and perform financial obligations under regulations.
3. People of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested economic organizations that are leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period; and foreign-invested economic organizations that are allocated land by the State with land use levy payment for project implementation have the following rights and obligations:
a/ The general rights and obligations specified in Articles 26 and 31 of this Law;
b/ To transfer land use rights and land-attached assets under their ownership in the land use period;
c/ To lease or sublease land use rights and land-attached assets under their ownership in the land use period;
d/ To mortgage their land use rights and land-attached assets under their ownership at credit institutions licensed to operate in Vietnam;
dd/ To contribute land use rights and land-attached assets under their ownership as capital.
4. Foreign-invested economic organizations that use land formed from foreign investors’ purchase of shares or capital contributions have the rights and obligations specified in Clauses 2 and 3 of this Article corresponding to the form of land use levy or land rental payment.
5. People of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested economic organizations that use land for implementation of investment projects in Vietnam and are allocated land or leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease term while being entitled to land use levy or land rental exemption or reduction have the rights and obligations specified in Clause 3, Article 33 of this Law.
Article 42.
Rights and obligations of foreign-invested economic organizations that currently use land from receipt of land use rights contributed as capital
1. Foreign-invested economic organizations that receive land use rights contributed as capital  with respect to land allocated by the State with land use levy payment or leased by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period have the rights and obligations specified in Clause 3, Article 41 of this Law.
2. A foreign-invested economic organization that is transformed from a joint-venture enterprise to which the Vietnamese partner contributes land use rights as capital has the following rights and obligations:
a/ The rights and obligations specified in Clause 2, Article 41 of this Law, in case the land use rights contributed as capital are not used for implementation of investment projects to construct houses for sale and the economic organization is leased land by the State with annual land rental payment in accordance with this Law;
b/ The rights and obligations specified in Clause 3, Article 41 of this Law, in case the land use rights contributed as capital are not used for implementation of investment projects to construct houses for sale and the economic organization is leased land by the State with lump-sum land rental payment for the entire lease term in accordance with this Law;
c/ The rights and obligations specified in Clause 3, Article 41 of this Law, in case the land use rights contributed as capital are used for implementation of investment projects to construct houses for sale and the economic organization is allocated land by the State with land use levy payment in accordance with this Law.
3. For state enterprises that are leased land by the State before July 1, 2004, may use the value of land use rights as state budget funds allocated to enterprises, and are neither required to acknowledge debts nor required to refund land rental in accordance with the land law, if they contribute capital to joint ventures with foreign organizations or foreign individuals, then joint-venture enterprises have the rights and obligations specified in Clauses 1 and 3, Article 33 of this Law. The value of land use rights constitutes the State’s capital contribution to such joint-venture enterprises.
Article 43.
Rights and obligations of people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested economic organizations that use land in industrial parks, cottage industry zones and hi-tech parks
1. People of Vietnamese origin residing abroad who acquire the use rights of land in industrial parks, cottage industry zones and hi-tech parks have the rights and obligations specified in Clauses 1 and 3, Article 33 of this Law.
2. People of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested economic organizations that are leased or subleased land in industrial parks, cottage industry zones and hi-tech parks have the following rights and obligations:
a/ The rights and obligations specified in Clauses 1 and 3, Article 33 of this Law, in case they make one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease/sublease period;
b/ The rights and obligations specified in Clause 1, Article 34 of this Law, in case they make annual payment of land rental.
Article 44.
Rights and obligations concerning residential land use of people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad who are eligible to own houses in Vietnam; and of foreigners or people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad who are ineligible to own houses associated with residential land use rights in Vietnam
1. People of Vietnamese origin residing abroad who are permitted to enter Vietnam may own houses associated with residential land use rights in Vietnam; and may acquire residential land use rights in housing development projects.
2. People of Vietnamese origin residing abroad specified in Clause 1 of this Article have the following rights and obligations:
a/ The general rights and obligations specified in Articles 26 and 31 of this Law;
b/ To transfer residential land use rights upon sale, donation, bequeathal or exchange of houses to/for organizations, individuals and people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad that are eligible to own houses in Vietnam; to donate houses associated with residential land use rights to the State and residential communities, or donate houses for use as gratitude houses, charity houses or solidarity houses. In case they donate or bequeath houses to persons who are ineligible to own houses in Vietnam, such persons may only enjoy the value of houses associated with residential land use rights and may not be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets;
c/ To transfer, lease, donate or bequeath residential land use rights or contribute residential land use rights as capital in accordance with this Law;
d/ To mortgage houses associated with residential land use rights at credit institutions licensed to operate in Vietnam.
3. In case all heirs of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets are foreigners or people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad who are ineligible to own houses associated with residential land use rights in Vietnam as specified in Clause 1 of this Article, they may not be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets but may transfer or donate inherited land use rights according to the following provisions:
a/ In case of transfer of land use rights, the transferor in the land use rights transfer contract is the heir;
b/ In case of donation of land use rights, the donee must be one of the subjects specified at Point e, Clause 1, Article 37 of this Law and comply with the housing law, and the heir may be named as the donor in the contract or written commitment on the donation;
c/ Pending the transfer or donation of land use rights, the heir or his/her representative as authorized in writing shall submit a dossier for inheritance receipt at the land registration organization for updating information to the cadastral book.
4. In case one of the heirs is a person of Vietnamese origin residing abroad who is ineligible to own houses associated with residential land use rights in Vietnam, while the other heirs are eligible to inherit land use rights in accordance with the land law, but such land use rights as inheritance have yet to be divided to each heir, the heirs or their representatives as authorized in writing shall submit a dossier for inheritance receipt to the land registration organization for updating information to the cadastral book.
After completing the inheritance division, certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued to eligible persons; for people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad who are ineligible to own houses associated with  residential land use rights  in Vietnam, their inheritance shall be settled under Clause 3 of this Article.
5. The heirs in the cases specified at Point c, Clause 3, and in Clause 4, of this Article may authorize in writing other persons to look after or temporarily use the land and perform obligations in accordance with the land law and other relevant laws.
Section 5
CONDITIONS FOR EXERCISE OF RIGHTS OF LAND USERS
Article 45.
Conditions for exercise of rights to convert, transfer, lease, sublease, inherit or donate land use rights; mortgage land use rights or contribute land use rights as capital; and acquire land use rights or receive land use rights as donations
1. Land users may exercise rights to convert, transfer, lease, sublease, inherit or donate land use rights; and mortgage land use rights or contribute land use rights as capital when fully satisfying the following conditions:
a/ Land users possess a certificate of land use rights or certificate of ownership of houses and residential land use rights or certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, except the cases of inheritance of land use rights, conversion of agricultural land upon exchange of land parcels among land users or donation of land use rights to the State or residential communities and the cases specified in Clause 7, Article 124 and at Point a, Clause 4, Article 127 of this Law;
b/ The land is dispute-free or involved in a dispute that has been settled by a competent state agency, or under a legally effective court judgment or ruling or arbitral decision or award;
c/ Land use rights are not subject to distraint or other measures to secure judgment enforcement in accordance with the law on enforcement of civil judgments;
d/ The land use period has not expired;
dd/ Land use rights are not subject to application of law-specified provisional urgent measures.
2. In case the project owner transfers the use rights of land with technical infrastructure thereon in a real estate project, it must, in addition to the conditions specified in Clause 1 of this Article, satisfy other conditions specified in the Law on Real Estate Business and Housing Law.
3. In addition to the conditions specified in Clause 1 of this Article, land users must, when exercising rights to convert, transfer, lease, sublease, inherit or donate land use rights; and mortgage land use rights or contribute land use rights as capital, satisfy:
a/ The conditions specified in Article 46 of this Law, in case of purchase and sale of land-attached assets or the lease right in land lease contracts in which the land users are leased land by the State with annual land rental payment;
b/ The conditions specified in Article 47 of this Law, in case of conversion of agricultural land use rights; or,
c/ The conditions specified in Article 48 of this Law, in case of exercise of land use rights of ethnic minority people who are allocated or leased land under Clause 3, Article 16 of this Law.
4. In case of inheritance of land use rights, heirs may exercise the above rights if possessing a certificate of land use rights or certificate of ownership of houses and residential land use rights or certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, or when fully satisfying the conditions for issuance of a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets in accordance with this Law.
5. In case a land user is permitted to delay the performance of financial obligations or is eligible for owing of financial obligations, it/he/she shall completely perform such financial obligations before exercising rights to convert, transfer, lease, sublease, inherit or donate land use rights; and mortgage land use rights or contribute land use rights as capital.
6. Economic organizations eligible to acquire agricultural land use rights shall have their agricultural land use plans approved by district-level People’s Committees. Such an agricultural land use plan must have the following principal contents:
a/ Land location, area and use purpose;
b/ Agricultural production and business plan;
c/ Investment capital;
d/ Land use period;
dd/ Land use progress.
7. Individuals not directly engaged in agricultural production who acquire or are donated use rights of paddy land in excess of the quotas specified in Article 176 of this Law shall establish an economic organization and formulate a plan on use of paddy land with the contents specified in Clause 6 of this Article and have it approved by the district-level People’s Committee, unless the donee is a person in an inheritance rank.
8. Subjects that are not permitted to acquire land use rights or receive land use rights as donations are provided as follows:
a/ Economic organizations may not acquire protection forest land use rights or special-use forest land use rights from individuals, except where they are permitted to repurpose land under land-use master plans or land use plans approved by competent agencies;
b/ Individuals who do not live in protection forests or special-use forests may not acquire use rights or receive as donations the use rights of residential land and land of other types in protection forests or strictly protected sub-zones or ecological restoration sub-zones in such special-use forests;
c/ Organizations, individuals, residential communities, religious organizations, dependent religious organizations, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad, and foreign-invested economic organizations that are not permitted by law to acquire land use rights or receive land use rights as donations may not acquire land use rights or receive land use rights as donations.
Article 46.
Conditions for sale of land-attached assets or the lease right in land lease contracts in case of land lease by the State with annual land rental payment
1. Economic organizations, individuals, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested economic organizations may sell assets attached to land leased by the State with annual land rental payment when fully satisfying the following conditions:
a/ Assets attached to the leased land have been lawfully formed and registered in accordance with law;
b/ The construction has been completed under the detailed master plan on construction and investment project already approved (if any), except cases in which it is required to comply with legally effective court judgments or rulings, enforcement decisions of civil judgment execution agencies or conclusions of competent state agencies in charge of inspection and examination.
2. Economic organizations, individuals, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested economic organizations that are leased land by the State with annual land rental payment may sell land-attached assets and the lease right in land lease contracts when fully satisfying the following conditions:
a/ The conditions specified in Clause 1 of this Article;
b/ Having made advance payment for compensation, support and resettlement and the advanced amount has yet to be fully deducted from the payable land rental.
3. Purchasers of land-attached assets or purchasers of land-attached assets and the lease right in land lease contracts may continue to use the land for proper purposes in the remaining land use period, and may continue to have the advanced amount deducted if such amount has yet to be deducted under Point b, Clause 2 of this Article, and shall carry out land registration procedures in accordance with this Law.
4. In case of sale of construction works as land-attached assets and conditions for land parcel division are fully satisfied, it is permitted to divide land parcels for issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets.
5. In case land users are leased land by the State with annual land rental payment for implementation of infrastructure construction and commercial operation projects, they may sell land-attached assets when fully satisfying the conditions specified in Clause 1, Article 45 of this Law and other conditions specified in the Law on Real Estate Business.
Article 47.
Conditions for conversion of agricultural land use rights
Individuals who use agricultural land allocated by the State, or from conversion, acquisition, inheritance or donation of lawful land use rights from others may only convert agricultural land use rights in the same provincial-level administrative unit to other individuals without having to pay tax on incomes generated from the land use rights conversion and the registration fee.
Article 48.
Cases of conditional exercise of land use rights
1. Ethnic minority people who are allocated or leased land by the State under Clause 3, Article 16 of this Law may bequeath, donate or transfer land use rights to persons in inheritance ranks specified in Clause 2, Article 16 of this Law.
In case a land user dies without an heir in inheritance ranks specified in Clause 2, Article 16 of this Law, the State shall recover his/her land and pay compensation for land-attached assets to another heir in accordance with law. In case a land user moves from the provincial-level locality where exists the land to another place or no longer needs to use the land but does not donate or transfer land use rights to persons in inheritance ranks specified in Clause 2, Article 16 of this Law, the State shall recover the land and pay compensation for land-attached assets in accordance with law to the person whose land is recovered. The recovered land area shall be used for further allocation or lease to another ethnic minority person under Article 16 of this Law.
2. Ethnic minority people who are allocated or leased land by the State under Clause 3, Article 16 of this Law may mortgage land use rights at policy banks.
3. Ethnic minority people who are allocated or leased land by the State under Clause 3, Article 16 of this Law may not transfer, contribute as capital, donate, inherit or mortgage land use rights, except the cases specified in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article.
4. Commune-level People’s Committees shall manage recovered land areas under Clause 1 of this Article.
Chapter IV
BOUNDARIES OF ADMINISTRATIVE UNITS, BASIC LAND SURVEYS
Section 1
BOUNDARIES OF ADMINISTRATIVE UNITS, CADASTRAL MAPS
Article 49.
Boundaries of administrative units
1. Boundaries of administrative units shall be established for commune-, district- and provincial-level administrative units. The dossier of boundaries of an administrative unit must show information on the establishment, merger, division and adjustment of the boundaries of such administrative unit as well as boundary markers and boundary lines of such administrative unit.
2. The Ministry of Home Affairs shall guide related provincial-level People’s Committees in determining boundaries of provincial-level administrative units. Superior People’s Committees shall direct and guide related subordinate People’s Committees to determine boundaries of administrative units on the field and make dossiers of boundaries of administrative units in localities.
3. The scope of land management on the mainland shall be determined on the basis of boundary lines of each administrative unit in accordance with law.
4. In case it is not yet possible to determine the scope of provincial-level land management for the reason that boundaries of administrative units have yet to be determined, the Ministry of Home Affairs shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment and related localities in, making dossiers and submitting them to the Government.
5. In case it is not yet possible to determine the scope of district- or commune-level land management for the reason that boundaries of district- or commune-level administrative units have yet to be determined, superior People’s Committees shall direct related subordinate People’s Committees in coordinating with one another in settling the case. Pending the issuance of decisions on determination of boundaries of district- or commune-level administrative units, the superior People’s Committees shall perform the contents of state management of land for areas for which it is impossible to reach agreement on settlement plans. In case it is impossible to reach agreement on a settlement plan, the concerned provincial-level People’s Committee shall make a dossier for submission to the Government.
6. The Government shall guide the settlement of cases in which it is not yet possible to reach agreement on boundaries of administrative units; and organize the settlement of the cases in which it is not yet possible to reach agreement on boundaries of administrative units specified in Clauses 4 and 5 of this Article.
7. The Ministry of Home Affairs shall provide the compilation and management of dossiers on boundaries of administrative units.
Article 50.
Measurement for drawing of cadastral maps
1. Cadastral maps serve as a basis for the state management of land and establishment of the national land database. The measurement for drawing of cadastral maps shall be carried out in detail for each land parcel by commune-level administrative unit; for localities where no commune-level administrative units are established, cadastral maps shall be drawn by district-level administrative unit.
2. Cadastral maps shall be adjusted when there are changes in shape, size or area of land parcels and other factors related to contents of cadastral maps and, at the same time, updated to the national land database.
3. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall organize the survey for drawing, adjustment and management of cadastral maps in localities and make updates thereof to the national land database.
4. The Government shall detail this Article.
Section 2
LAND SURVEY AND EVALUATION AND LAND PROTECTION, REHABILITATION AND RESTORATION
Article 51.
Principles of land survey and evaluation and land protection, rehabilitation and restoration
1. Ensuring timeliness and objectivity and reflecting the status quo of land resources.
2. Being carried out nationwide and in socio-economic regions and provincial-level administrative units, and ensuring continuity and successiveness.
3. The State shall allocate funds for land survey and evaluation; organizations and individuals are encouraged to coordinate with the State in land protection, rehabilitation and restoration.
4. Ensuring prompt provision of information and data to serve the state management of land and satisfy the land information demand for economic, social, national defense, security, scientific research, education and training activities, and other demands of the State and society.
Article 52.
Land survey and evaluation activities
1. Land survey and evaluation cover:
a/ Surveying and evaluating land quality and land potential;
b/ Surveying and evaluating land degradation;
c/ Surveying and evaluating land pollution;
d/ Monitoring land quality, land degradation and land pollution;
dd/ Carrying out theme-based land survey and evaluation.
2. Theme-based land survey and evaluation shall be carried out to survey and evaluate land quality and land potential and land degradation and land pollution for specific types of land to meet requirements of the state management of land at a specified time.
3. The land survey and evaluation activities specified at Points a, b and c, Clause 1 of this Article shall be carried out once every 5 years. The theme-based land survey and evaluation activities specified at Point dd, Clause 1 of this Article shall be carried out upon requests to serve the state management of land.
Article 53.
Contents of land survey and evaluation
1. Contents of survey and evaluation of land quality and land potential:
a/ Zoning, determining the location and area of, and grading quality levels for, agricultural land and unused land based on soil and terrain characteristics, physical, chemical and biological properties, and other conditions;
b/ Zoning, determining the location and area of, and classifying potential levels, for agricultural land, non-agricultural land and unused land on the basis of land quality grading and land use efficiency to achieve economic, social and environmental goals;
c/ Zoning land areas that need protection, treatment, rehabilitation and restoration;
d/ Drawing land quality maps and land potential maps; developing and updating land quality and land potential data to the national land database.
2. Contents of land degradation survey and evaluation:
a/ Zoning, and determining the location and area of, degraded areas, for agricultural land and unused land according to each type of degradation, including: land fertility reduction; land erosion; drought or desertification; land clumping or laterization; land salinization; or land alkalization;
b/ Identifying trends and causes and forecasting risks of land degradation;
c/ Zoning degraded land areas that need treatment, rehabilitation and restoration;
d/ Drawing maps of degraded land areas; developing and updating land degradation data to the national land database.
3. Contents of land pollution survey and evaluation:
a/ Zoning, and determining the location and area of, polluted land by type of pollution, including heavy metal pollution, pesticide pollution, and pollution of other toxic substances, for agricultural land, unused land and land planned for construction of urban and rural residential areas;
b/ Identifying trends and sources of pollution and forecasting and warning land pollution risks;
c/ Zoning polluted land areas that need treatment, rehabilitation and restoration;
d/ Drawing maps of polluted land areas; developing and updating land pollution data to the national land database.
4. Contents of monitoring land quality, land degradation and land pollution:
a/ Building a network of fixed monitoring points nationwide;
b/ Determining monitoring indicators and frequency;
c/ Monitoring changes in land quality, land degradation and land pollution and forecasting and early warning abnormal changes;
d/ Updating land quality, land degradation and land pollution monitoring data to the natural resources and environment monitoring database and the national land database.
Article 54.
Land protection, rehabilitation and restoration
1. Contents of land protection, rehabilitation and restoration:
a/ Classifying the land areas zoned under Point c, Clause 1; Point c, Clause 2; and Point c, Clause 3, Article 53 of this Law;
b/ Summarizing, and determining the scope and extent of, land protection, rehabilitation and restoration for each land area classified under Point a of this Clause;
c/ Formulating plans and roadmaps for land protection, rehabilitation and restoration for the land areas identified under Point b of this Clause;
d/ Identifying technical measures and socio-economic solutions together with analyses to select the optimal options and decide on implementation options;
dd/ Making reports on the results of land protection, rehabilitation and restoration;
e/ Supervising and controlling the process of land treatment, protection, rehabilitation and restoration.
2. To draw maps of land areas having undergone land protection, rehabilitation and restoration; to develop and update data on land protection, rehabilitation and restoration to the national land database.
3. To control degraded or polluted land areas having not yet undergone protection, rehabilitation and restoration under Clause 1 of this Article through such measures as zoning, giving warnings, or banning or restricting certain activities on land in order to mitigate adverse impacts on land.
Article 55.
Responsibilities for organizing land survey and evaluation and for land protection, rehabilitation and restoration
1. The Government shall provide in detail land survey and evaluation and land protection, rehabilitation and restoration and specify capacity conditions for land survey and evaluation consultancy service organizations.
2. The Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with related ministries in, performing the following tasks:
a/ To provide land survey and evaluation techniques, and  land protection, rehabilitation and restoration techniques;
b/ To establish and maintain monitoring systems;
c/ To organize, and approve and announce results of, land survey and evaluation nationwide and in socio-economic regions and theme-based land survey and evaluation;
d/ To promulgate, and organize the implementation of, land protection, rehabilitation and restoration plans for inter-regional and inter-provincial land areas suffering heavy degradation; and land protection, rehabilitation and restoration plans for land areas suffering extremely serious pollution.
3. Provincial-level People’s Committees have the following responsibilities:
a/ To organize, and approve and announce results of, land survey and evaluation in localities; to formulate and implement land protection, rehabilitation and restoration plans for degraded and polluted land areas in their localities; to make updates thereof to the national land database;
b/ To collect statistics of, and announce, polluted land areas; to organize bidding for selection of contractors for land treatment, rehabilitation and restoration in polluted land areas in their localities.
4. Land survey and evaluation, and land protection, rehabilitation and restoration activities shall be carried out with non-business funds for environmental protection and other funding sources in accordance with law.
5. Land survey and evaluation results shall be approved in the year of land inventory to serve as a basis for formulation of all-level land use master plans. The Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment and provincial-level agencies with land management functions shall publicly announce land survey and evaluation results within 30 days after such results are approved by competent agencies.
Section 3
LAND STATISTICS AND INVENTORY
Article 56.
Principles of land statistics and inventory
1. Ensuring truthfulness, objectivity, accuracy and timeliness, and fully reflecting the status and structure of land use.
2. Ensuring publicity, transparency and professional independence.
3. Ensuring consistency in professional operations, land statistics and inventory methods, and reporting regime.
4. Ensuring that land statistics and inventory indicators are uniform and consistent from the central to local levels; and that land statistics and inventory data are synthesized from subordinate authorities to superior authorities.
5. Ensuring prompt provision of data to serve the state management of land and satisfy the land information demand for economic, social, national defense, security, scientific research and education and training activities, and other demands of the State and the society.
Article 57.
Scope and objects of land statistics and inventory
1. Land statistics and inventory shall be carried out in commune-, district- and provincial-level administrative units and nationwide.
2. Time for carrying out land statistics and inventory:
a/ Land statistics shall be carried out on an annual basis, counted through December 31 of the year of statistics collection, except the year of land inventory;
b/ Land inventory shall be carried out once every 5 years, counted through December 31 of the year with the last digit of 4 or 9.
3. Theme-based land inventory shall be carried out to meet requirements of the state management of land in each period as decided by the Minister of Natural Resources and Environment or chairpersons of provincial-level People’s Committees.
Article 58.
Land statistics and inventory indicators, contents and activities
1. Land statistics and inventory indicators for the types of land specified in Article 9 of this Law include:
a/ Land area;
b/ Land user;
c/ Subject assigned to manage land.
2. Bases for determination of land statistics and inventory indicators include:
a/ Land statistics indicators determined based on cadastral dossiers at the time of statistics collection;
b/ Land inventory indicators determined based on cadastral dossiers and status quo of land use at the time of inventory.
3. Contents of land statistics and inventory for commune-, district- and provincial-level administrative units and nationwide include: determining the total area of all types of land, area structure by type of land, land user and subject assigned to manage land; and land area allocated, leased or repurposed.
4. Land statistics activities shall be carried out as follows:
a/ Collecting dossiers, documents, maps and data related to land information changes in the period of statistics collection; land inventory data of the previous period or land statistics collected in the previous year;
b/ Reviewing, updating and correcting land information changes in the year of statistics collection;
c/ Processing and synthesizing land statistics data and preparing land statistics forms for administrative units at all levels;
d/ Analyzing and evaluating the status quo of land use and land information changes in the period of statistics collection, and proposing solutions to enhance the land use management and improve the land use efficiency;
dd/ Preparing land statistics reports.
5. Land inventory activities shall be carried out as follows:
a/ Collecting dossiers, documents, maps and data related to land information changes in the period of land inventory; and dossiers of the previous period’s land inventory results and annual land statistics results in the period of land inventory;
b/ Surveying, reviewing, updating and correcting land information changes in the period of land inventory;
c/ Processing and synthesizing land inventory data and preparing land inventory forms for administrative units at all levels; preparing commentary reports on land-use status quo;
d/ Drawing land-use status quo maps; preparing commentary reports on land-use status quo maps;
dd/ Preparing reports on land inventory results.
Article 59.
Responsibilities for organizing land statistics and inventory
1. People’s Committees at all levels shall organize and approve land statistics and inventory in their localities.
2. Commune- and district-level People’s Committees shall report to their superior People’s Committees on land statistics and inventory results.
3. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall announce land statistics results and report them to the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment before March 31 of the subsequent year, except the year of land inventory.
4. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall report to the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment on land inventory results before June 30 of the year following the year of land inventory.
5. The Ministry of National Defense and Ministry of Public Security shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial-level People’s Committees in, carrying out statistics and inventory of land for national defense and security purposes.
6. The Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment shall summarize results of annual land statistics of the whole country and announce them before June 30 every year; and report them to the Prime Minister and announce results of the country’s 5-year land inventory before September 30 of the year following the year of land inventory.
7. The Minister of Natural Resources and Environment and chairpersons of provincial-level People’s Committees shall decide on theme-based land inventory contents and activities.
8. The Minister of Natural Resources and Environment shall provide in detail land statistics and inventory and drawing of land-use status quo maps.
9. Funds for land statistics and inventory shall be allocated by the state budget in accordance with law.
Chapter V
LAND-USE MASTER PLANS AND PLANS
Article 60.
Principles of formulation of land-use master plans and plans
1. The formulation of land use master plans at all levels must adhere to the principles and ensure the relationship between different types of master plans as specified by the Planning Law.
Land-use master plans at all levels must summarize and balance land use demands of sectors and fields that use land.
2. National land-use master plans must ensure regional specificity and connectivity, balance between land use demands of sectors, fields and localities and conformity with the national land potential for economical and efficient use of land.
3. Land-use master plans and plans formulated at the national, provincial and district levels must meet requirements on the implementation of strategies for rapid and sustainable socio-economic development, and national defense and security assurance.
4. The formulation of land-use master plans and plans must ensure uniformity and synchronization; land-use master plans of superior levels must ensure land use demands of subordinate levels; land-use master plans of subordinate levels must conform to land-use master plans of superior levels; district-level land-use master plans must determine land use contents detailed to the commune level; land use plans at a level must conform to land-use master plans at such level decided or approved by competent agencies.
5. Contents of land-use master plans must combine land use norms associated with land use space and zoning and natural ecosystems.
6. The formulation of land-use master plans and plans must ensure economical and efficient land use; rational natural resource exploitation and environmental protection; adaptation to climate change; national food security and forest coverage; conservation, embellishment and promotion of values of historical-cultural relics and scenic places.
7. The formulation of land-use master plans and plans must ensure continuity, successiveness, stability, specificity and connectivity of socio-economic regions; harmonious balance between sectors, fields and localities and between generations; and conformity with land conditions and potential.
8. The formulation of land-use master plans and plans at all levels must involve the participation of socio-political organizations, communities and individuals; and ensure publicity and transparency.
9. Land-use master plans at all levels shall be formulated simultaneously; higher-level land-use master plans shall be decided or approved before lower-level land-use master plans. By the end of the period of a land use master plan, if the land-use master plan for the subsequent period has not yet been decided or approved by competent authorities, land use norms not yet fully realized may continue to be realized until such land-use master plan is decided or approved by competent state agencies.
10. Land use plans of a level shall be formulated simultaneously with the formulation and modification of land-use master plans of such level. First-year land use plans of district-level land-use master plans shall be formulated simultaneously with such master plans.
Article 61.
System of land-use master plans and plans
1. The system of land-use master plans and plans includes:
a/ National land-use master plans and plans;
b/ Provincial-level land-use master plans and plans;
c/ District-level land-use master plans and district-level annual land use plans;
d/ Master plans on use of land for national defense purpose;
dd/ Master plans on use of land for security purpose.
2. National land-use master plans, master plans on use of land for national defense and master plans on use of land for security purpose belong to the system of national master plans and must comply with this Law and the planning law.
3. Provincial-level land-use master plans and district-level land-use master plans are technical and specialized master plans that concretize national-level, regional and provincial master plans.
Article 62.
Periods of land-use master plans and plans
1. Periods and visions of national land-use master plans, master plans on use of land for national defense purpose and master plans on use of land for security purpose must comply with the Planning Law.
2. Periods and visions of provincial-level land-use master plans must be consistent with those of provincial master plans.
3. The period of a district-level land-use master plan is 10 years. The vision of a district-level land-use master plan is 20 years.
4. The period of a national land use plan or provincial-level land use plan is 5 years; district-level annual land use plans shall be formulated every year.
Article 63.
Funds for planning activities
Funds for the formulation, modification, appraisal, decision, approval and announcement of land-use master plans and plans shall be allocated by the state budget from sources for economic non-business activities.
Article 64.
National land-use master plans and plans
1. Grounds for the formulation of national land-use master plans:
a/ National socio-economic development, national defense and security strategies; national overall master plans; strategies for development of sectors and fields;
b/ Natural, economic and social conditions;
c/ Land use status quo, land information changes, land quality, land potential, and results of the implementation of the previous period’s national land-use master plan;
d/ Land use demand and ability of sectors, fields and localities;
dd/ Scientific and technological advances related to land use.
2. Contents of national land-use master plans must comply with the planning law.
3. Grounds for the formulation of national land use plans:
a/ National land-use master plans;
b/ Socio-economic development plans and medium-term public investment plans of the whole country;
c/ Land use demands and ability of sectors, fields and localities;
d/ Results of the implementation of the previous period’s 5-year land use plans;
dd/ Resource mobilization and investment capacity.
4. Contents of national land use plans must determine areas of different types of land based on land use norms set in national land-use master plans for each period of 5-year land use plans.
5. National land-use master plans and plans shall be formulated and have their data updated to the national land database.
Article 65.
Provincial-level land-use master plans
1. Grounds for the formulation of provincial-level land-use master plans:
a/ National land-use master plans and plans;
b/ National-level and regional master plans; technical and specialized master plans involving national-level or inter-regional land use;
c/ Provincial master plans;
d/ Natural, economic and social conditions of provincial-level administrative units;
dd/ Land use status quo, land information changes, land quality, land potential and results of the implementation of the previous period’s provincial land-use master plans;
e/ Land use demand and ability of sectors, fields and localities; public investment resources and other resources;
g/ Scientific and technological advances related to land use.
2. Contents of a provincial-level land-use master plan:
a/ Land use orientations determined in provincial master plans, and a vision meeting socio-economic development, national defense and security assurance, environmental protection and climate change adaptation requirements;
b/ Determination of land use norms allocated in the national land-use master plan and land use norms based on the provincial-level land use demand;
c/ Determination of the land use norms specified at Point b of this Clause for each district-level administrative unit;
d/ Determination of boundaries, locations and acreage of reclaimed land areas for agricultural and non-agricultural use purposes;
dd/ Zoning of land areas subject to strict management, including: paddy land, special-use forest land, protection forest land, and land under production forests that are natural forests;
e/ Phasing for each period of 5-year land-use master plans based on the contents specified at Points b, c, d and dd of this Clause;
g/ Solutions and resources for implementation of the land-use master plan.
3. Drawing of maps of provincial-level land-use master plans; development and updating of data on provincial-level land-use master plans to the national land database.
4. Localities other than centrally run cities are not required to formulate provincial-level land use plans, but shall phase out land-use master plans for each period of 5-year plans under Point e, Clause 2 of this Article.
5. Centrally run cities that have their general master plans approved in accordance with the urban planning law are not required to formulate provincial-level land-use master plans but shall base themselves on general master plans to formulate provincial-level land use plans.
In case a general master plan, which is approved after the approval of a provincial-level land-use master plan, leads to a change in land use norms in such provincial-level land-use master plan, the concerned centrally run city is not required to modify such provincial-level land-use master plan, but shall base itself on such general master plan to formulate provincial-level land use plans.
6. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 66.
District-level land-use master plans
1. Grounds for the formulation of district-level land-use master plans:
a/ Provincial master plans and provincial-level land-use master plan; urban master plans of centrally run cities in case no provincial-level land-use master plans are formulated;
b/ Technical and specialized master plans;
c/ District-level socio-economic development plans;
d/ Natural, economic and social conditions of district-level administrative units;
dd/ Land use status quo, land information changes, land potential, and results of the implementation of the previous period’s district-level land-use master plans;
e/ Land use demand and ability of sectors, fields and commune-level People’s Committees; for residential land areas, and land areas in urban centers and rural residential areas, the use demands shall be determined on the basis of population forecasts and infrastructure, landscape and environmental conditions in accordance with the construction law;
g/ Land use quotas, and scientific and technological advances related to land use.
2. Contents of a district-level land-use master plan:
a/ Land use orientations, and a vision meeting socio-economic development, national defense assurance, environmental protection and climate change adaptation requirements; conformity and consistency between the land-use master plan and transport, construction, urban and rural master plans;
b/ Determination of land use norms allocated in the provincial-level land-use master plan with information detailed to commune-level administrative units;
c/ Determination of land use norms based on land use demands of district- and commune-level localities;
d/ Determination of area and zoning of areas for which land use norms have been allocated in the provincial-level land-use master plan under Points b and dd, Clause 2, Article 65 of this Law, which must identify areas of different types of land in order to ensure implementation of the policy on land support for ethnic minority people;
dd/ Determination of boundaries, locations and acreage of the reclaimed land areas for agricultural and non-agricultural use purposes;
e/ Phasing of periods of a district-level 5-year land-use master plan under Points b, c, d and dd of this Clause;
g/ Solutions and resources for implementation of the land-use master plan.
3. Drawing of maps of district-level land-use master plans; development and updating of data of district-level annual land-use master plans and plans to the national land database.
4. Districts, cities and towns of centrally run cities, and provincial cities and towns that have their general master plans or zoning master plans approved in accordance with the urban planning law are not required to formulate district-level land-use master plans but shall formulate district-level annual land use plans based on such general master plans or zoning master plans and land use norms allocated from provincial-level land-use master plans and local land use norms.
5. For localities other than those specified in Clause 4 of this Article that have their construction master plans, urban master plans and rural master plans approved, district-level land-use master plans shall be formulated with updated information on orientations for land use space and technical infrastructure and social infrastructure systems by period of land-use master plans.
Article 67.
District-level annual land use plans
1. Grounds for the formulation of district-level annual land use plans:
a/ Provincial-level land use plans; district-level land-use master plans; construction master plans; and urban master plans, in case district-level land-use master plans are not required;
b/ Land use status quo; results of the implementation of the previous year’s land use plan;
c/ Land use demand and ability of sectors and fields at all levels and organizations; works and projects that have obtained investment policy;
d/ Ability to invest and mobilize resources for the implementation of land use plans.
2. Criteria for selection of priority works and projects in district-level annual land use plans:
a/ National defense and security assurance;
b/ Economic, social and environmental efficiency;
c/ Feasibility of the implementation of such works and projects.
3. Contents of a district-level annual land use plan:
a/ Areas of land of different types allocated under the district-level land-use master plan and areas of land of different types to meet the land use demand of district- and commune-level localities in the plan year and determined for each commune-level administrative unit;
b/ A list of works and projects expected to be implemented in the year; projects on allocation of residential land and production land areas for ethnic minority people (if any); land areas for auction of land use rights, projects subject to land recovery in the year, resettlement projects, and production land areas expected to be used as compensations for those having their land areas recovered;
c/ Areas of land of different types, and a list of works and projects determined in the previous plan year that may continue to be implemented under Clause 7, Article 76 of this Law;
d/ Determination of areas of land of different types that need repurposing, for the types of land subject to repurposing permission, except the case specified in Clause 5, Article 116 of this Law;
dd/ Solutions and resources for implementation of the land use plan.
4. A project not included in a district-level annual land use plan and falling into one of the following cases may be implemented without having to be added to such district-level annual land use plan:
a/ It has obtained an investment decision in accordance with the public investment law, in case it is subject to investment policy decision by the National Assembly, Prime Minister, heads of ministries or central agencies or provincial-level People’s Councils;
b/ It has obtained an investment project approval decision in accordance with the law on investment in the form of public-private partnership, in case it is subject to investment policy decision by the National Assembly, Prime Minister, heads of ministries or central agencies or provincial-level People’s Councils;
c/ It has obtained an investment policy approval decision, investment policy-cum-investor approval decision, or investor approval decision in accordance with the investment law, in case it is subject to investment policy decision by the National Assembly or Prime Minister;
d/ It involves the use of land to serve land recovery specified in Clause 3, Article 82 of this Law.
5. Development and updating of data of district-level annual land use plans to the national land database.
Article 68.
Master plans on use of land for national defense purpose and master plans on use of land for security purpose
1. Master plans on use of land for national defense purpose and master plans on use of land for security purpose are national sectoral master plans.
2. Grounds for the formulation of master plans on use of land for national defense purpose and master plans on use of land for security purpose include the grounds specified in the planning law and the following grounds:
a/ National overall master plans, national marine-space master plans and national land-use master plans;
b/ Natural, economic and social conditions of the country;
c/ Land use status quo and results of the implementation of the previous period’s master plan on use of land for national defense and master plan on use of land for security purpose;
d/ Demand and ability to use land for national defense or security purpose.
3. Contents of master plans on use of land for national defense purpose and master plans on use of land for security purpose must comply with the planning law.
4. The Ministry of National Defense and Ministry of Public Security shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial-level People’s Committees in, formulating master plans on use of land for national defense purpose and master plans on use of land for security purpose to ensure their satisfaction of socio-economic development and national defense and security consolidation requirements; review and determine locations, acreage and boundaries of land areas used for national defense and security purposes; and determine locations, acreage and boundaries of land areas for national defense and security purposes that are no longer needed for handover to localities for management and use.
Article 69.
Responsibility to organize the formulation of land-use master plans and plans
1. The Government shall organize the formulation of national land-use master plans and plans.
The Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment shall assume the prime responsibility for assisting the Government in formulating national land-use master plans and plans.
2. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall organize the formulation of provincial-level land-use plans and plans.
Provincial-level agencies with land management function shall assume the prime responsibility for assisting provincial-level People’s Committees in formulating provincial-level land-use master plans and plans.
3. District-level People’s Committees shall organize the formulation of district-level land-use master plans and district-level annual land use plans.
District-level agencies with land management function shall assume the prime responsibility for assisting district-level People’s Committees in formulating district-level land-use master plans and district-level annual land use plans.
4. Land-use master plans shall be approved in the first year of a planning period.
5. Land-use master plans and plans of coastal localities shall be formulated, including also reclaimed land areas.
Article 70.
Collection of opinions on land-use master plans and plans
1. The collection of opinions on national land-use master plans, master plans on use of land for national defense purpose and master plans on use of land for security purpose must comply with the planning law.
2. The collection of opinions on provincial-level land-use master plans is provided as follows:
a/ Agencies in charge of formulating provincial-level land-use master plans shall collect opinions of related provincial-level departments, sectors and Vietnam Fatherland Front Committees, district-level People’s Committees, and related agencies, organizations, residential communities and individuals on land-use master plans. The collection of opinions shall be carried out in the form of publicizing information on contents of land-use master plans on websites of agencies in charge of formulating provincial-level land-use master plans. Contents put for opinion collection include explanatory reports and maps on land-use master plans;
b/ The summarization and assimilation of opinions, giving of explanations about raised issues, and finalization of tentative land-use master plans shall be carried out before they are submitted to the land-use master plan appraisal councils and such opinions, and explanations shall be publicly announced on websites of agencies in charge of formulating provincial-level land-use master plans;
c/ The time limit for collection of opinions on a provincial-level land-use master plan is 45 days from the date of publicization of information on contents put for opinion collection.
3. The collection of opinions on district-level land-use master plans and district-level annual land use plans is provided as follows:
a/ Agencies in charge of formulating district-level land-use master plans shall collect opinions of related sections, divisions and sectors, district-level Vietnam Fatherland Front Committees, commune-level People’s Committees, and related agencies, organizations, residential communities and individuals on land-use master plans and plans. The collection of opinions shall be carried out in the form of publicizing information on contents of land-use master plans and plans on websites of agencies in charge of formulating district-level land-use master plans and commune-level People’s Committees and listing such contents at offices of commune-level People’s Committees and residential areas, listing and displaying such contents at cultural houses of villages, hamlets and street groups, or organizing conferences or seminars and distributing forms for collection of opinions of households and individuals representing communes, wards and townships. Contents put for opinion collection include explanatory reports and maps on land-use master plans;
b/ The summarization and assimilation of opinions, giving of explanations about raised issues, and finalization of tentative land-use master plans and plans shall be carried out before such master plans and plans are submitted for appraisal and approval and such opinions and explanations shall be publicly announced on websites of agencies in charge of formulating district-level land-use master plans, and district-level annual land use plans;
c/ The time limit for collection of opinions on a district-level land-use master plan or district-level annual land use plan is 30 days or 20 days, respectively, from the date of publicization of information on contents put for opinion collection.
4. Opinions on land-use master plans and plans shall be fully and accurately summarized with objective, transparent, prudent and thorough opinions and explanations.
Article 71.
Appraisal of land-use master plans and plans
1. The competence to establish land-use master plan and plan appraisal councils is provided as follows:
a/ The competence to establish an appraisal council for national land-use master plans, master plans on use of land for national defense purpose or master plans on use of land for security purpose must comply with the planning law;
b/ The Prime Minister shall decide to establish national land-use plan appraisal councils.
The Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment shall assist such an appraisal council in the course of appraising national land use plans;
c/ The Minister of Natural Resources and Environment shall establish provincial-level land-use master plan appraisal councils and assign a unit of the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment to assist such an appraisal council in the course of appraising provincial-level land-use master plans;
d/ Provincial-level People’s Committee chairpersons shall establish provincial-level land use plan appraisal councils, for centrally run cities that are not required to formulate provincial-level land-use master plans; establish district-level land-use master plan appraisal councils; assign units of provincial-level People’s Committees to assist such appraisal councils in the course of appraising provincial-level land use plans and district-level land-use master plans.
2. Contents of appraisal of a provincial-level or district-level land-use master plan:
a/ Legal and scientific grounds for formulation of the land-use master plan;
b/ Conformity of the land-use master plan with the planning contents approved by a competent authority;
c/ Economic, social and environmental efficiency;
d/ Feasibility of the land-use master plan.
3. Contents of appraisal of a land use plan:
a/ Grounds for the formulation of and contents of the land use plan;
b/ Conformity of the land use plan with the land-use master plan and urban master plan;
c/ Feasibility of the land use plan.
4. Appraisal councils for provincial-level or district-level land-use master plans and national- or provincial-level land use plans shall appraise land-use master plans or plans and send notices of appraisal results to the agencies organizing the formulation of land-use master plans and plans specified in Article 69 of this Law; agencies organizing the formulation of land-use master plans and plans shall direct agencies in charge of formulating land-use master plans and plans in assimilating opinions and giving explanations based on the notices of appraisal results.
In case of necessity, appraisal councils for provincial-level or district-level land-use master plans and national- or provincial-level land use plans shall carry out field inspection and survey of areas expected for repurposing, especially the repurposing of paddy land, protection forest land and special-use forest land.
5. The appraisal of national land-use master plans, master plans on use of land for national defense purpose and master plans on use of land for security purpose must comply with the planning law.
Article 72.
Competence to decide on or approve land-use master plans and plans
1. The competence to decide on or approve national land-use master plans, master plans on use of land for national defense purpose and master plans on use of land for security purpose must comply with the Planning Law.
2. The Government shall approve national land use plans.
3. The Prime Minister shall approve provincial-level land-use master plans and provincial-level land use plans for centrally run cities that are not required to formulate provincial-level land-use master plans.
4. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall approve district-level land-use master plans and district-level annual land use plans.
5. Before approving district-level annual land use plans, provincial-level People’s Committees shall submit to provincial-level People’s Councils for approval lists of works and projects subject to land recovery, including projects subject to land recovery for auction of land use rights or bidding for selection of investors to implement land-using projects; projects subject to land repurposing that involve paddy land, special-use forest land, protection forest land or production forest land under master plans, except the cases specified in Clause 4, Article 67 of this Law.
Article 73.
Review and modification of land-use master plans and plans
1. The modification of land-use master plans and plans must adhere to the following principles:
a/ The modification of land-use master plans and plans shall be decided or approved by agencies competent to decide on or approve land-use master plans and plans;
b/ Agencies competent to organize the formulation of land-use master plans and plans shall organize the modification of such master plans and plans;
c/ The modification of land-use master plans and plans does not change the objectives of such master plans and plans;
d/ The modification of land-use master plans and plans does not change land use norms determined and allocated under higher-level land-use master plans;
dd/ The modification of land-use master plans and plans must comply with the order and procedures specified in this Law.
2. Agencies competent to organize the formulation of master plans shall review land-use master plans once every 5 years in order to make modifications conformable with the socio-economic development situation in each period.
3. The review and modification of national land-use master plans, master plans on use of land for national defense purpose and master plans on use of land for security purpose must comply with the planning law.
4. Grounds for the modification of provincial-level land-use master plans:
a/ Modification of national-level, regional, provincial and technical and specialized master plans involving national-level and inter-provincial land use that leads to changes in the provincial-level land use structure;
b/ Establishment, merger, division or adjustment of boundaries of provincial-level administrative units or subordinate administrative units;
c/ Impacts of disasters or wars or national defense and security assurance requirements that lead to changes in land use purposes, structure, locations and areas.
5. Grounds for modification of district-level land-use master plans:
a/ Modification of higher-level master plans that leads to changes in the district-level land use structure;
b/ Establishment, merger, division or adjustment of boundaries of local administrative units;
c/ Impacts of wars or national defense and security assurance requirements that lead to changes in land use purposes, structure, locations and areas;
d/ Impacts of disasters or response to environmental incidents that lead to changes in land use purposes; adverse impacts of implementation of the master plans on social security, ecological environment and the community;
dd/ Major changes in resources for implementation of the master plans, or formation of key projects serving national interests and public interests, that lead(s) to changes in land use orientations.
6. The modification of master plans shall be carried out when there exists one of the grounds specified in Clauses 4 and 5 of this Article and decided or approved by competent agencies.
7. The modification of land use plans shall be carried out upon modification of relevant land-use master plans or urban master plans or when there is a change in the capability to implement such land use plans.
8. The modification of land-use master plans and plans must comply with Articles 64 thru 72 and Article 75 of this Law.
9. State agencies and persons that are competent to decide on or approve land-use master plans and plans at a level may decide on or approve the modification of land-use master plans and plans at such level.
Article 74.
Selection of consultants for the formulation of land-use master plans and plans
1. The selection of consultants for the formulation of national land-use master plans, master plans on use of land for national defense purpose and master plans on use of land for security purpose must comply with the planning law.
2. The selection of consultants for the formulation of national land use plans, provincial-level land-use master plans and plans, district-level land-use master plans and district-level annual land use plans must comply with the Government’s regulations.
Article 75.
Public announcement of land-use master plans and plans
1. The public announcement of national land-use master plans must comply with the planning law.
2. National land use plans; provincial-level land-use master plans and plans; district-level land-use master plans and district-level annual land use plans shall, after being decided or approved by competent state agencies, be publicly announced.
3. The responsibility for public announcement of land-use master plans and plans is provided as follows:
a/ The Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment shall publicly announce national land-use master plans and plans at its head office and on its Portal;
b/ Provincial-level People’s Committees shall publicly announce provincial-level land-use master plans and plans at their offices and on their portals;
c/ District-level People’s Committees shall publicly announce district-level land-use master plans and district-level annual land use plans at their offices and on their portals, and publicly announce contents of district-level land-use master plans and district-level annual land use plans related to communes, wards and townships at offices of commune-level People’s Committees. Commune-level People’s Committees shall publicly announce such master plans and plans to people and land users in their commune-level localities.
4. The time of and time limit for public announcement of land-use master plans and plans must comply with the following provisions:
a/ Within 15 days after being decided or approved by a competent state agency, a land-use master plan or plan shall be publicly announced;
b/ Land-use master plans and plans shall be publicized throughout the periods of land use master plans or plans.
5. Documents for public announcement of a land-use master plan or plan include:
a/ The document on approval of the land-use master plan or plan;
b/ An explanatory report on the approved land-use master plan or plan;
c/ A map of the approved land-use master plan.
Article 76.
Organization of the implementation of land-use master plans and plans
1. The Government shall organize the implementation of national land-use master plans and plans.
The Prime Minister shall allocate land use norms to provincial-level administrative units, the Ministry of National Defense and Ministry of Public Security on the basis of national land use norms decided by the National Assembly.
2. The Ministry of National Defense shall organize the implementation of master plans on use of land for national defense purpose; the Ministry of Public Security shall implement master plans on use of land for security purpose.
3. Provincial-level People’s Committees and district-level People’s Committees shall organize the implementation of local land-use master plans and plans.
4. In case a land-use master plan has been publicly announced but there is no district-level annual land use plan, land users may continue to use the land and exercise the rights of land users provided in this Law.
5. For projects falling into the case specified in Clause 4, Article 67 of this Law that are subject to land recovery, district-level People’s Committees of localities where such projects are located shall publicly announce land areas subject to recovery according to the projects’ implementation progress to land users.
6. For land areas subject to recovery or repurposing under district-level annual land use plans or under Clause 4, Article 67 of this Law, land users may continue to exercise the rights of land users but may neither construct houses and works nor plant perennials. Land users may construct houses and works under definite-time construction permits, and renovate and repair existing houses and works in accordance with the construction law and relevant laws.
7. For land areas determined in district-level annual land use plans the recovery of which has been approved by competent agencies for project implementation or which are subject to land repurposing, if neither land recovery decisions nor land repurposing permissions have been issued after 2 consecutive years as defined in the district-level annual land use plans, agencies competent to approve such district-level annual land use plans shall consider, evaluate and publicly announce the modification or cancellation of land recovery or land repurposing.
In case agencies competent to approve district-level annual land use plans fail to modify or cancel land recovery or land repurposing or have done so but fail to publicly announce such modification or cancellation, the law-provided land use rights of land users will not be restricted.
8. Annually, provincial-level People’s Committees shall review, handle and publicly announce on their websites the land recovery, land repurposing, modification or cancellation of land recovery or land repurposing for the land areas stated in district-level annual land use plans; and send information thereon to the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment and district- and commune-level People’s Committees.
9. The Government shall specify principles and criteria for allocation of provincial- and district-level land use norms.
10. The Government shall detail this Article and provide in detail the formulation, appraisal and modification of, collection of opinions on, approval and public announcement of, national land use plans, provincial-level land-use master plans, district-level land-use master plans and district-level annual land use plans.
Article 77.
Responsibility for reporting on results of the implementation of land-use master plans and plans
1. District-level People’s Committees shall report on results of the implementation of land-use master plans and plans to provincial-level People’s Committees before October 15 every year.
2. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall report on results of the implementation of land-use master plans and plans to the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment before October 15 of the last year of every period of land-use master plan or plan.
3. The Ministry of National Defense shall report on results of the implementation of master plans on use of land for national defense purpose, while the Ministry of Public Security shall report on results of the implementation of master plans on use of land for security purpose, to the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment before October 15 of the last year of every period of 5-year land use plans and the last year of every period of land-use master plans.
4. The Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment shall summarize results of the implementation of land use master plans nationwide and submit them to the Government for reporting to the National Assembly in the last year of every period of land-use master plans.
Chapter VI
LAND RECOVERY AND LAND REQUISITION
Article 78.
Land recovery for national defense and security purposes
The State shall recover land for national defense and security purposes for use as:
1. Barracks or working offices;
2. Military bases;
3. National defense works, battlefields and special national defense and security works;
4. Stations, ports, and military and security information works;
5. Industrial, scientific and technological, cultural and sports works that directly serve national defense and security;
6. Warehouses of the people’s armed forces;
7. Shooting ranges, drill-grounds, weapon testing grounds or weapon destruction sites;
8. Training institutions, professional training and further training centers, sanatoria and functional rehabilitation facilities, or medical examination and treatment establishments of the people’s armed forces;
9. Official residences of the people’s armed forces;
10. Incarceration facilities; temporary detention or custody facilities; compulsory education institutions; reformatories and labor, re-education, vocational and job training quarters for prisoners, detainees and students managed by the Ministry of National Defense and Ministry of Public Security.
Article 79.
Land recovery for socio-economic development for national and public interests
The State shall recover land in cases of  real necessity to implement socio-economic development projects for national and public interests in order to promote land resources, improve land use efficiency, develop socio-economic infrastructure toward modernity, implement social security policies, protect the environment, and conserve cultural heritages in the following cases:
1. Construction of traffic works, including: expressways, motorways, urban roads and rural roads, including also bypasses, rescue roads and intra-field roads to meet the people’s travel needs, bus stops, pick-up and drop-off points, toll plazas, warehouses and storing yards, garages; ferry landings, bus stations, rest areas; all types of railways; railway stations; all types of bridges and tunnels for traffic purpose; inland waterway and maritime works; aviation works; cable car lines and cable car stations; fishing ports and inland container depots; offices and service provision establishments in stations, ports and bus stations; safety corridors of traffic works subject to land recovery for public-utility purposes; and other structures serving traffic and transportation;
2. Construction of hydraulic structures, including dikes, embankments, culverts, dams, spillways, reservoirs, hydraulic tunnels, water supply, drainage and irrigation systems, including also hydraulic structure protection corridors that require land use; key hydraulic structures, including also working offices, warehouses, and hydraulic structure production, repair and maintenance establishments within hydraulic structures;
3. Construction of water supply and drainage facilities, including water plants; pumping stations; water tanks and towers; water supply and sewerage pipelines; regulation reservoirs; water, mud and sludge treatment facilities, including also working offices, warehouses, and production, repair and maintenance establishments of water supply and drainage facilities;
4. Construction of waste treatment facilities, including: transfer stations; landfills; waste and hazardous waste treatment complexes, zones and facilities, including also working offices, warehouses, and production, repair and maintenance establishments of waste treatment facilities;
5. Construction of energy and public lighting works, including: power plants and auxiliary works of power plants; dams, embankments, reservoirs and pipelines serving hydropower plants; power transmission lines and transformer stations; service provision, repair and maintenance works within power plants; and public lighting systems;
6. Construction of oil and gas structures, including: production platforms, works serving petroleum production and processing, petrochemical refineries, gas processing plants, biofuel production plants; crude oil depots, and petrol, oil and gas storages and pumping stations, pipeline systems, and safety corridors to ensure technical safety; service provision, repair and maintenance works within works serving petroleum production and processing, petrochemical refineries, gas processing plants, and biofuel production plants;
7. Construction of post, telecommunications and information technology infrastructure facilities, including: houses, stations, antenna masts, cable pylons, drains, tanks, cable pipes, trenches, technical tunnels and other related technical infrastructure facilities for the installation of telecommunications service equipment and equipment installed therein to serve telecommunications; data centers, including also safety corridors of works to ensure their technical safety but not permitted for use for other purposes; the system of postal operations units and postal service points; commune post offices-cum-cultural houses; service provision, repair and maintenance works within post, telecommunications and information technology works;
8. Construction of commune/ward-managed markets for local people and wholesale markets;
9. Construction of belief works, including communal houses, temples, shrines and other lawful belief works;
10. Construction of religious works, including: headquarters of religious organizations or dependent religious organizations; pagodas, churches, chapels, cathedrals, sanctuaries; schools for training religious activists; monuments, steles, towers and other lawful religious works;
11. Construction of public amusement parks and sites for community activities, including: parks, flower gardens, beaches and other sites for public amusement; facilities for meetings and other activities in conformity with customs and practices of local communities;
12. Construction of headquarters of agencies of the Communist Party of Vietnam, state agencies, Vietnam Fatherland Front, socio-political organizations, socio-political-professional organizations, socio-professional organizations, social organizations and other organizations established in accordance with law that assigned tasks and allocated part of their recurrent expenditures by the State;
13. Construction of headquarters or representative offices of public non-business units of the Communist Party of Vietnam, state agencies and socio-political organizations;
14. Construction of cultural establishments, historical-cultural relics and scenic spots, including: convention centers, theaters, cultural houses, cultural centers, cultural palaces, clubs, cinemas and circuses; relic works; symbolic and artistic works, children’s palaces, children’s houses, youth and children activity centers, museums, exhibition halls, libraries, literary creation establishments, art creation establishments, art galleries, art troupe offices; works involving expansion, renovation, embellishment, restoration, and promotion of values, of historical-cultural relics and scenic spots ranked or included in the list of relics inventory by provincial-level People’s Committees in accordance with the law on cultural heritages; and other cultural establishments established or licensed by the State;
15. Construction of medical establishments and social service establishments established or licensed by the State, including: medical examination and treatment establishments; functional rehabilitation establishments; preventive medicine establishments; population affairs establishments; testing establishments; standardization and inspection establishments; medical assessment establishments; forensic examination establishments; drug manufacturing establishments; medical equipment manufacturing establishments; social work service centers, social protection establishments; healing, education and social labor centers; sanatoria for people with meritorious contributions to the nation; child support facilities; consultancy and care establishments for the elderly, people with disabilities, children in plight, people infected with HIV/AIDS and people with mental illnesses; drug rehabilitation establishments; and nurturing establishments for the elderly and children in plight;
16. Construction of education and training institutions established or licensed by the State, including: nurseries, pre-primary schools, early childhood schools, general education institutions, continuing education institutions, specialized schools, higher education institutions and vocational education institutions;
17. Construction of physical training and sports facilities established or licensed by the State, including: sports complexes, athlete training centers; stadiums, and gymnasia;
18. Construction of scientific and technological institutions established or licensed by the State, including: scientific and technological research, development and service organizations; innovative startup support organizations; technology incubators, science and technology business incubators; science and technology parks; science museums; and measurement standard systems;
19. Construction of diplomatic establishments, including: headquarters of embassies, consulates, and representative offices of foreign diplomatic organizations and non-governmental organizations with diplomatic functions; and diplomatic corps managed by the State;
20. Construction of non-business works for environmental treatment, biodiversity conservation, meteorology, hydrology, registration and inspection, animal and plant quarantine;
21. Implementation of investment projects on construction of social houses and houses for the people’s armed forces, except agreements on receipt of land use rights; investment projects on construction of official residences; investment projects on condominium renovation or reconstruction, unless condominium owners agree to transfer land use rights to project owners for implementation of investment projects on condominium renovation or reconstruction in accordance with the Housing Law; and resettlement projects;
22. Implementation of projects on industrial parks and cottage industry zones; hi-tech parks; hi-tech agricultural zones; information technology parks; hi-tech forestry zones; and non-tariff areas in economic zones;
23. Implementation of projects on large-scale agro-forestry-fisheries product production and processing zones with shared-use complete infrastructure facilities from the stage of production to the stage of processing of agro-forestry-fisheries products for inter-district, inter-provincial and inter-regional service; and projects on growing of medicinal plants and conservation of medicinal plant genes for the development of traditional medicinal herbs;
24. Performance of sea reclamation activities;
25. Performance of mining activities licensed by competent state agencies, including work items serving mineral exploitation and processing associated with mining areas and safety corridors for mining activities that are subject to land recovery;
26. Implementation of projects in the vicinities of traffic connection points and traffic routes with development potential;
27. Implementation of investment projects on construction of urban centers with mixed-service functions and technical and social infrastructure systems synchronized with houses in accordance with the construction law for construction, renovation or embellishment of urban centers; and projects on rural residential areas;
28. Construction of cemeteries, funeral homes, cremation facilities and columbaria;
29. Implementation of projects on allocation of residential land and production land for ethnic minority people in order to implement land policies toward ethnic minority people in accordance with this Law;
30. Construction of above-ground works to serve the operation, exploitation and use of underground works;
31. Implementation of projects having their investment policy approved or decided by the National Assembly or Prime Minister in accordance with law;
32. In case of recovery of land for the implementation of projects or works for national or public interests other than those specified in Clauses 1 thru 31 of this Article, the National Assembly shall amend or supplement cases of land recovery specified in this Article according to fast-track procedures.
Article 80.
Grounds and conditions for land recovery for national defense and security purposes; and socio-economic development for national and public interests
1. Land recovery for national defense and security purposes; and socio-economic development for national and public interests must comply with Article 78 or 79 of this Law and, at the same time, projects subject to land recovery must fall into one of the following cases:
a/ They are included in district-level annual land use plans approved by competent agencies;
b/ They have obtained investment decisions in accordance with the public investment law or investment project approval decisions in accordance with the law on investment in the form of public-private partnership;
c/ They have obtained investment policy approval decisions or investment policy approval-cum-investor approval decisions or investor approval decisions in accordance with the investment law, for investment projects subject to investment policy approval by the National Assembly or Prime Minister;
d/ They have obtained documents of competent state agencies specified in Article 84 of this Law, in case of land recovery related to national defense and security.
2. In case the projects specified in Clause 1 of this Article involve land use phasing, land recovery shall be carried out according to the project implementation progress determined in documents on project investment policy approval or decision.
3. Conditions for land recovery for national defense and security purposes, and socio-economic development for national and public interests include completion of approval of compensation, support and resettlement plans and resettlement arrangement in accordance with this Law.
4. The land recovery specified in Clauses 26 and 27, Article 79 of this Law must satisfy the conditions specified in Clauses 1, 2 and 3 of this Article and aims to create land areas invested by the State for management and exploitation or for land allocation or lease to investors in accordance with law.
Article 81.
Cases subject to land recovery due to violations of the land law
1. Land users have used land not for the purposes when they are allocated or leased land by the State or their land use rights are recognized by the State, and later been administratively sanctioned for acts of improperly using land but repeat the violation.
2. Land users have destroyed land and later been administratively sanctioned for acts of destroying land but repeat the violation.
3. Land has been allocated or leased to ineligible subjects or
ultra vires
.
4. Land has been transferred or donated from persons allocated or leased land by the State who are not allowed to transfer or donate land in accordance with this Law.
5. Land assigned by the State to land users for management has been encroached upon or appropriated.
6. Land users have failed to fulfill their financial obligations toward the State.
7. Land for annual crops or land for aquaculture has not been used for 12 consecutive months; land for perennials has not been used for 18 consecutive months; or land for afforestation has not been used for 24 consecutive months, and land users have been administratively sanctioned but fail to put land into use within time limits stated in administrative sanctioning decisions;
8. Land allocated, leased or permitted for repurposing or land with land use rights recognized by the State or land use rights acquired for implementation of investment projects has not been used for 12 consecutive months from the date of land handover on the field or in case the land use progress is 24 months behind that stated in investment projects. In case the land has not been put into use or the land use progress is behind that stated in investment projects, project owners may have the land use period extended for up to 24 months and shall additionally pay to the State a money amount equal to the payable land use levy or land rental amount for the extended land use period. Upon the expiration of the extended land use period, if project owners still fail to put the land into use, the State shall recover the land without paying compensation for the land and land-attached assets and remaining land investment costs.
9. The cases specified in Clauses 6, 7 and 8 of this Article do not apply to
force majeure
events.
10. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 82.
Land recovery due to termination of land use under law, voluntary return of land, appearance of threats to human life or inability to continue using land
1. Cases subject to land recovery due to termination of land use under law:
a/ Organizations allocated land by the State without land use levy payment are dissolved, go bankrupt or terminate their operation in accordance with law;
b/ Individual land users die without any heirs after having fulfilled their property obligations in accordance with the civil law;
c/ Land allocated or leased by the State for a definite period is not entitled to land use period extension;
d/ Land-using investment projects are terminated in accordance with the investment law;
dd/ Forests are recovered in accordance with the forestry law.
2. Land shall be recovered when land users have declining demand or no longer have demand for using land and make declarations for voluntary return of land.
3. Cases subject to land recovery due to appearance of threats to human life or inability to continue using land:
a/ Residential land in polluted areas that are likely to threaten human life; land of other types in polluted areas that are no longer capable of continuing to be used for the defined purposes;
b/ Residential land areas that are prone to landslide or subsidence or likely to be affected by other disasters threatening human life; land areas of other types that are prone to landslide or subsidence or likely to be affected by other disasters and no longer usable.
4. Land shall be recovered in cases subject to land recovery under Clause 1, Article 48, and Points d and dd, Clause 1, Article 181, of this Law.
5. Land recovery in the cases specified in Clauses 1, 2 and 3 of this Article must be based on the following grounds:
a/ A legally effective document of an agency competent to recover land, for the case specified at Point a, Clause 1 of this Article;
b/ A death certificate or decision to declare a person dead in accordance with law, for the case specified at Point b, Clause 1 of this Article;
c/ A land allocation decision, land lease decision, certificate of land use rights, certificate of ownership of houses and residential land use rights, certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets, or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, for the case specified at Point c, Clause 1 of this Article;
d/ A document on termination of an investment project, for the case specified at Point d, Clause 1 of this Article;
dd/ A document on forest recovery, for the case specified at Point dd, Clause 1 of this Article;
e/ A land user’s document on land return, for the case specified in Clause 2 of this Article;
g/ A competent agency’s document determining the degree of environmental pollution, landslide or land subsidence or impacts by a disaster, for the cases specified in Clause 3 of this Article.
6. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 83.
Competence to recover land and handle cases of recovery of land and land-attached assets that are public assets
1. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall decide on land recovery for domestic organizations, religious organizations, dependent religious organizations, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad, foreign organizations with diplomatic functions and foreign-invested economic organizations in the cases specified in Articles 81 and 82 of this Law.
2. District-level People’s Committees shall decide on land recovery in the following cases:
a/ The cases specified in Articles 78 and 79 of this Law, irrespective of land users, and organizations and individuals currently managing or appropriating land;
b/ Recovery of land from households, individuals and residential communities in the cases specified in Articles 81 and 82 of this Law.
3. In case land use rights and land-attached assets are public assets falling into the cases subject to land recovery specified in this Law, such public assets are not required to be rearranged or disposed of in accordance with the law on public asset management and use.
Article 84.
Cases of land recovery related to national defense and security
1. In case of recovery of land areas for national defense or security purpose already included in master plans on use of land for national defense purpose or master plans on use of land for security purpose and such land areas are those to be transferred to localities for implementation of socio-economic development projects for national and public interests as specified in Article 79 of this Law, it is required to reach agreement with the Minister of National Defense, for land for national defense purpose, or with the Minister of Public Security, for land for security purpose. In case of disagreement, provincial-level People’s Committees shall report such to the Prime Minister for consideration and decision.
2. In case land areas subject to recovery for the performance of national defense or security tasks are not included in master plans on use of land for national defense purpose or master plans on use of land for security purpose, the Minister of National Defense or Minister of Public Security shall collect opinions of the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment and provincial-level People’s Committees of localities where such land areas are located for reporting to the Prime Minister for the latter to consider and approve land recovery, and update information thereon upon the review and modification of such master plans in accordance with law after the land recovery.
3. In case it is necessary to recover land areas for national defense or security purpose and land-attached assets for transfer to localities for implementation of socio-economic development projects for national and public interests, but such land areas are not determined in master plans on use of land for national defense purpose or master plans on use of land for security purpose as those to be transferred to localities, the following provisions shall apply:
a/ For projects subject to the National Assembly’s investment policy decision or approval in accordance with the public investment law, law on investment in the form of public-private partnership, and the investment law, the Prime Minister shall, after the National Assembly decides on or approves the investment policy, consider and approve the recovery of land for national defense or security purpose and land-attached assets for project implementation;
b/ For projects subject to the Prime Minister’s investment policy decision or approval in accordance with the public investment law, law on investment in the form of public-private partnership, and the investment law, the Prime Minister shall consider and approve the recovery of land for national defense or security purpose and land-attached assets for project implementation together with decision and approval of investment policy;
c/ For public investment projects and investment projects in the form of public-private partnership other than those specified at Points a and b of this Clause, provincial-level People’s Committees shall coordinate with the Ministry of National Defense, for land for national defense purpose, or with the Ministry of Public Security, for land for security purpose, in reporting to the Prime Minister for the latter to consider and approve the recovery of land for national defense or security purpose and land-attached assets for project implementation before deciding on investment in accordance with the public investment law and law on investment in the form of public-private partnership;
d/ After being recovered, information on land areas belonging to the projects specified at Points a, b and c of this Clause shall be updated upon review and modification of master plans in accordance with law.
4. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 85.
Notification of land recovery and abidance by decisions on land recovery for national defense and security purposes; and socio-economic development for national and public interests
1. Before issuing a land recovery decision, a competent state agency shall send a land recovery notice to the person whose land is recovered, owners of land-attached assets, and persons with related interests and obligations (if any) at least 90 days for agricultural land or 180 days for non-agricultural land. The land recovery notice must have the following contents: reasons for land recovery; area and location of the recovered land parcel; land recovery progress; plan on investigation, survey, measurement and inventory; plan on relocation of people from the recovered land area; and compensation, support and resettlement plan.
2. In case land users, owners of land-attached assets, and persons with related interests and obligations in recovered land areas agree to let competent state agencies recover land sooner than the time limit specified in Clause 1 of this Article, competent People’s Committees shall decide to recover land without having to wait until the expiration of the time limit specified in Clause 1 of this Article.
3. Persons whose land is recovered and owners of land-attached assets shall coordinate with units or organizations in charge of compensation, support and resettlement in the process of investigation, survey, measurement and inventory, and formulation of compensation, support and resettlement plans.
4. When land recovery decisions take effect and compensation, support and resettlement plans approved by competent agencies are publicly announced, persons whose land is recovered, owners of land-attached assets and persons with related interests and obligations shall abide by such land recovery decisions.
5. The validity duration of a land recovery notice is 12 months from the date of its issuance.
Article 86.
Agencies, units and organizations responsible for performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks; and managing, exploiting and using recovered land areas
1. District-level People’s Committees shall direct and organize the performance of compensation, support and resettlement tasks in accordance with this Law.
2. Units and organizations performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks include one or more of the following units and organizations:
a/ Land fund development organizations;
b/ Other units and organizations having the function of performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks;
c/ Compensation, support and resettlement councils.
A compensation, support and resettlement council shall be established by the chairperson of the district-level People’s Committee for each project. It shall be composed of the chairperson or vice chairperson of the district-level People’s Committee as the council chairperson; representatives of the finance agency, agency with land management function and commune-level People’s Committee of the locality where the to-be-recovered land is located; representatives of land users whose land is recovered; and other members as decided by the chairperson of the district-level People’s Committee to suit local realities. Representatives of the district-level People’s Council and Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee and representatives of other socio-political organizations may be invited to join the compensation, support and resettlement council’s meetings for supervision.
3. Units and organizations performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks shall coordinate with district-level People’s Committees in carrying out compensation, support and resettlement activities according to their assigned functions and tasks.
4. Chairpersons of provincial-level People’s Committees shall direct and monitor district-level People’s Committees in the organization of compensation, support and resettlement activities; and promptly tackle difficulties falling beyond the competence of the district-level authorities.
5. Land areas that are recovered under Articles 78 and 79 of this Law but have not been allocated or leased for use in urban areas shall be assigned to land fund development organizations for management, exploitation and use; such land areas in rural areas shall be assigned to commune-level People’s Committees for management.
Article 87.
Order and procedures for compensation, support, resettlement and recovery of land for national defense and security purposes; and socio-economic development for national and public interests
1. Before a land recovery notice is issued, the commune-level People’s Committee of the locality where the to-be-recovered land is located shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the same-level Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee, unit or organization performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks and related agencies in, organizing meetings with persons having land in the recovered land area to disseminate and receive opinions on the following contents:
a/ Purposes, significance and importance of projects and works to be implemented on the land area to be recovered;
b/ The State’s regulations on policies on compensation, support and resettlement upon land recovery;
c/ Tentative contents of the compensation, support and resettlement plan;
d/ Projected resettlement area in case persons whose land is recovered are arranged resettlement.
2. The implementation of a plan on land recovery, investigation, survey, measurement and inventory is provided as follows:
a/ The People’s Committee competent to recover land shall issue a land recovery notice;
b/ The commune-level People’s Committee of the locality where the recovered land is located shall send the land recovery notice to each person whose land is recovered, owners of land-attached assets, and persons with related rights and obligations (if any), and, at the same time, post such notice and a list of persons whose land is recovered in the locality under its management at its office and communal place of the residential area where land is recovered throughout the course of compensation, support and resettlement.
In case it is impossible to contact, or send the land recovery notice to, the person whose land is recovered, owners of land-attached assets, and persons with related interests and obligations (if any), the competent agency shall publish such notice in one of the central and provincial-level dailies for 3 consecutive issues and broadcast it on the central and provincial-level radio or television for 3 times in 3 consecutive days; or post it at the office of the commune-level People’s Committee and communal place of the residential area where the recovered land is located, and publish it on the portal of the district-level People’s Committee throughout the course of compensation, support and resettlement without having to send it again;
c/ The commune-level People’s Committee of the locality where the recovered land is located shall coordinate with the unit or organization performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks, related agencies and persons whose land is recovered in carrying out investigation, survey, recording of the status quo, measurement, inventory, making of statistics and classification of the area of the recovered land and land-attached assets; and determining the origin of the recovered land and land-attached assets;
d/ The commune-level People’s Committee of the locality where the recovered land is located shall coordinate with the unit or organization in performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks in investigating, determining and making adequate statistics of actual damage to use rights and assets attached to the recovered land; and identifying persons with related rights and obligations, income from the use of the recovered land and land-attached assets, and aspirations for resettlement and career change;
dd/ In case persons whose land is recovered refuse to coordinate in the investigation, survey, measurement and inventory, the commune-level People’s Committee shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the commune-level Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of the locality where the recovered land is located and the unit or organization performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks in, mobilizing and persuading these persons in order to create consensus in implementation.
The organization of mobilization and persuasion shall be carried out for 15 days and expressed in writing. After 10 days from the date of completion of the mobilization and persuasion, if the persons whose land is recovered still refuse to coordinate in the investigation, survey, measurement and inventory, the chairperson of the district-level People’s Committee shall issue a compulsory inventory decision. The persons whose land is recovered shall abide by such decision, otherwise, the chairperson of the district-level People’s Committee shall issue a decision to enforce the implementation of the compulsory inventory decision and organize the enforcement under Article 88 of this Law.
3. The formulation, appraisal and approval of a compensation, support and resettlement plan are provided as follows:
a/ The unit or organization performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks shall formulate a compensation, support and resettlement plan and coordinate with the commune-level People’s Committee of locality where land is recovered in publicly posting the compensation, support and resettlement plan at the office of the commune-level People’s Committee, and communal places of residential areas where land is recovered for 30 days. Upon the expiration of the duration for posting, such unit or organization shall collect opinions on the compensation, support and resettlement plan through holding meetings with people in areas where the land is recovered. In case persons whose land is recovered and asset owners fail to attend such meetings for plausible reasons, they may send their written opinions.
The collection of opinions shall be recorded in writing, clearly stating the number of opinions for, number of opinions against and number of other opinions on the compensation, support and resettlement plan; assimilation of opinions and giving of explanations about raised issues, and certified by the representative of the commune-level People’s Committee and representatives of persons whose land is recovered.
Within 60 days from the date of collection of opinions, the unit or organization performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks shall coordinate with commune-level People’s Committee of the locality where land is recovered to hold a dialogue in case there remain opinions disagreeing to the compensation, support and resettlement plan; and shall assimilate opinions and give explanations about raised issues on the draft compensation, support and resettlement plan, then finalize and submit it to the competent agency;
b/ The compensation, support and resettlement plan shall be appraised before being submitted to the People’s Committee competent to decide on land recovery;
c/ The People’s Committee competent to recover land shall decide to approve the compensation, support and resettlement plan.
4. Units and organizations performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks have the following responsibilities:
a/ To coordinate with commune-level People’s Committees in disseminating and publicly posting decisions approving compensation, support and resettlement plans at offices of commune-level People’s Committees and communal places of residential areas where land is recovered;
b/ To send compensation, support and resettlement plans approved by the competent agency to each person whose land is recovered, owners of land-attached assets, and persons with related interests and obligations, clearly stating the level of compensation and support, arrangement of houses or land for resettlement (if any), time and place of payment of compensation and support; time of arrangement of houses or land for resettlement (if any), and time of handover of the recovered land to units or organizations performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks;
c/ To carry out compensation, support and resettlement under compensation, support and resettlement plans approved by competent agencies.
5. People’s Committees competent to recover land shall issue land recovery decisions within 10 days after:
a/ Compensation, support and resettlement plans are approved, in case resettlement arrangement is not required;
b/ Persons whose land is recovered are resettled on the spot and agree to receive compensation for temporary residence expenses;
c/ Persons whose land is recovered are allocated or handed over land on the field by the competent agency for self-construction of resettlement houses;
d/ Persons whose land is recovered are handed over resettlement houses by the competent state agency;
dd/ Persons whose land is recovered are handed over residential land with resettlement houses thereon by the competent state agency;
e/ Persons whose land is recovered agree and receive compensation to arrange their accommodations by themselves;
g/ Persons whose land is recovered voluntarily hand over the land to the State and are provided with temporary accommodations or have their temporary residence expenses paid.
6. In case a competent state agency organizes the implementation of a compensation, support and resettlement plan approved by the competent agency but persons whose land is recovered disagree to such plan or refuse to coordinate in the implementation:
a/ The commune-level People’s Committee shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the commune-level Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee in the locality where the land is recovered and the unit or organization performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks in, mobilizing and persuading such persons in order to create consensus in implementation;
b/ The mobilization and persuasion shall be carried out for 10 days and expressed in writing. After 10 days from the date of completion of the mobilization and persuasion, if such persons still disagree to the plan or refuse to coordinate in the implementation, the competent People’s Committee shall issue a land recovery decision.
7. In case persons whose land is recovered, owners of land-attached assets, and persons with related interests and obligations fail to hand over the land to the unit or organization performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks:
a/ The commune-level People’s Committee shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the commune-level Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee in the locality where the land is recovered and the unit or organization performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks in, mobilizing and persuading such persons to hand over land to the unit or organization performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks;
b/ The mobilization and persuasion shall be carried out for 10 days and expressed in writing. After 10 days from the date of completion of the mobilization and persuasion, if persons whose land is recovered still fail to hand over the land to the unit or organization performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks, the district-level People’s Committee chairperson shall issue a land recovery enforcement decision and organize the enforcement under Article 89 of this Law.
8. Land fund development organizations and commune-level People’s Committees shall manage recovered land areas pending land allocation or lease under Clause 5, Article 86 of this Law.
9. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 88.
Enforcement of compulsory inventory decisions
1. The enforcement of compulsory inventory decisions must adhere to the following principles:
a/ Being carried out in a public, transparent, democratic and objective manner, thereby ensuring order, safety and compliance with law;
b/ Being commenced during office hours.
2. The enforcement of a compulsory inventory decision shall be carried out when the following conditions are fully satisfied:
a/ Persons whose land is recovered, owners of land-attached assets, and persons with related interests and obligations fail to abide by such compulsory inventory decision after the commune-level People’s Committee and Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of the locality where land is recovered and the unit or organization performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks have mobilized and persuaded them to do so;
b/ The decision on enforcement of the compulsory inventory decision has been publicly posted at the office of the commune-level People’s Committee and at the communal place of the residential area where land is recovered and announced on the commune-level public address system;
c/ The decision on enforcement of the compulsory inventory decision has taken effect;
d/ Persons subject to the enforcement have received the effective decision on enforcement of the compulsory inventory decision.
In case a person subject to the enforcement refuses to receive the enforcement decision or is absent when the enforcement decision is delivered, the commune-level People’s Committee shall make a minutes.
3. Chairpersons of district-level People’s Committees shall issue decisions on enforcement of compulsory inventory decisions and organize the implementation of such enforcement decisions.
4. A decision on enforcement of the compulsory inventory decision shall be implemented according to the following order and procedures:
a/ The organization assigned to carry out the enforcement shall mobilize, persuade and hold a dialogue with the person subject to the enforcement;
b/ In case the person subject to the enforcement abides by the enforcement decision, the organization assigned to carry out the enforcement shall make minutes of abidance and carry out investigation, survey, measurement and inventory.
In case the person subject to the enforcement fails to abide by the enforcement decision, the organization assigned to carry out the enforcement shall execute the enforcement decision.
5. The public security forces shall protect order and safety in the course of execution of decisions on enforcement of compulsory inventory decisions.
6. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 89.
Enforcement of land recovery decisions
1. The enforcement of land recovery decisions must adhere to the following principles:
a/ Being carried out in a public, transparent, democratic and objective manner, thereby ensuring order, safety and compliance with law;
b/ Being commenced during office hours. The enforcement may not be carried out during the period from 22:00 hours to 6:00 hours, or on weekends and public holidays as provided by law and traditional holidays of ethnic groups; or within 15 days before and after the Lunar New Year holiday, or in other special cases that are likely to seriously affect political security, social order and safety, and local customs and practices;
c/ Being carried out for land users, owners of land-attached assets and other subjects related to recovered land (if any).
2. The enforcement of a land recovery decision shall be carried out when the following conditions are fully satisfied:
a/ The land recovery decision has taken effect but the person whose land is recovered fails to abide by such decision after the commune-level People’s Committee and Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of the locality where land is recovered and the agency with land management function or the unit or organization performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks have mobilized and persuaded him/her to do so;
b/ The decision on enforcement of the land recovery decision has been publicly posted at the office of the commune-level People’s Committee and communal place of the residential area where land is recovered;
c/ The decision on enforcement of the land recovery decision has taken effect;
d/ The person subject to the enforcement has received the effective decision on enforcement of the land recovery decision.
In case the person subject to the enforcement refuses to receive the enforcement decision or is absent when the enforcement decision is delivered, the commune-level People’s Committee shall make a minutes.
3. Chairpersons of district-level People’s Committees shall issue decisions on enforcement of land recovery decisions and organize the implementation of such enforcement decisions.
An enforcement decision shall be executed within 10 days from the date the person subject to the enforcement receives the enforcement decision or from the date the commune-level People’s Committee makes a minutes stating that the person subject to the enforcement is absent or refuses to receive the enforcement decision, unless the enforcement decision specifies a longer time limit.
4. A decision on enforcement of a land recovery decision shall be implemented according to the following order and procedures:
a/ Before carrying out the enforcement, the chairperson of the district-level People’s Committee shall decide to establish a land recovery enforcement committee composed of the chairperson or vice chairperson of the district-level People’s Committee acting as the committee head; and representatives of agencies with inspection, justice, natural resources and environment, and construction functions; unit or organization performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks, and leaders of the commune-level People’s Committee of the locality where land is recovered as committee members, and other members as decided by the chairperson of the district-level People’s Committee;
b/ The land recovery enforcement committee shall mobilize, persuade and hold a dialogue with the person subject to the enforcement. If such person abides by the enforcement decision, the land recovery enforcement committee shall make a minutes of abidance. The handover of land shall be carried out within 30 days from the date of making the minutes.
In case the person subject to the enforcement fails to abide by the enforcement decision, the land recovery enforcement committee shall carry out the enforcement;
c/ The land recovery enforcement committee may force the person subject to the enforcement and related persons to leave the land area subject to the enforcement and move their assets from such land area by themselves. If these persons fail to do so, the land recovery enforcement committee shall remove them together with their assets from the land area subject to the enforcement.
In case the person subject to the enforcement refuses to receive assets, the land recovery enforcement committee shall make a minutes thereof, and organize the preservation of such assets in accordance with law and notify such to asset owners for receiving back the assets;
d/ The land recovery enforcement committee shall invite a representative of the district-level Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee to supervise the land recovery enforcement.
5. Responsibilities of agencies, organizations and individuals for implementing decisions on enforcement of land recovery decisions are specified as follows:
a/ District-level People’s Committees shall organize the land recovery enforcement and settle complaints related to the enforcement in accordance with the law on complaints; and ensure necessary conditions and means to facilitate the enforcement, and allocate funds for the enforcement;
b/ Land recovery enforcement committees shall assume the prime responsibility for formulating enforcement plans and estimating funds for enforcement activities and submitting them to district-level People’s Committees for approval; and hand over land areas to units and organizations performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks.
In case there are assets on recovered land, the preservation of such assets must comply with the Government’s regulations. Expenses for preservation of such assets shall be paid by asset owners;
c/ The public security forces shall protect order and safety in the course of execution of decisions on enforcement of land recovery decisions;
d/ Commune-level People’s Committees of localities where land is recovered shall coordinate with related agencies and units in organizing the delivery and public posting of decisions on enforcement of land recovery decisions; participate in carrying out the enforcement; and coordinate with land recovery enforcement committees in sealing and moving assets of the persons subject to the land recovery enforcement;
dd/ Other related agencies, organizations and individuals shall coordinate with land recovery enforcement committees in carrying out the land recovery enforcement at the latter’s request.
6. Funds for the land recovery enforcement shall be allocated from the state budget and recorded as an item in funds for compensation, support and resettlement.
7. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 90.
Land requisition
1. The State may requisition land in case it is really necessary to perform national defense and security tasks or in a state of war or emergency, or for disaster prevention and control.
2. Land requisition decisions must be expressed in writing and take effect from the time of issuance.
In case of emergency in which it is impossible to issue a written decision, a competent person may make an oral decision on land requisition which takes effect immediately. A person competent to decide on land requisition shall make a written certification of his/her land requisition decision at the time of requisition and hand it over to the person whose land is requisitioned. Within 48 hours from the time the competent person makes an oral decision on land requisition, the agency employing such person shall send a written certification of land requisition to the person whose land is requisitioned.
3. The Minister of National Defense, Minister of Public Security, Minister of Transport, Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Minister of Health, Minister of Industry and Trade, Minister of Natural Resources and Environment, Minister of Finance, chairpersons of provincial-level People’s Committees and chairpersons of district-level People’s Committees are competent to decide on land requisition and decide on extension of the land requisition duration. Persons competent to decide on land requisition and decide on extension of the land requisition duration may not authorize other persons to do so.
4. The land requisition duration must not exceed 30 days after a land requisition decision takes effect. In case the land requisition duration has expired but purposes of the land requisition have not been fulfilled, such duration may be extended for no more than 30 days. A decision on extension of the land requisition duration must be expressed in writing and sent to the person whose land is requisitioned and owners of assets attached to the requisitioned land before the requisition duration expires.
In case of a state of war or emergency, the land requisition duration shall be counted from the date of issuance of the land requisition decision but must not exceed 30 days from the date of abolition of the state of war or emergency.
5. Persons whose land is requisitioned and owners of assets attached to the requisitioned land shall abide by land requisition decisions. In case a land requisition decision has been executed in accordance with law but the person whose land is requisitioned fails to abide by such decision, the person deciding on land requisition shall issue a land requisition enforcement decision and organize the enforcement or assign the chairperson of the provincial- or district-level People’s Committee of the locality where land is requisitioned to organize the enforcement.
6. Persons competent to requisition land shall assign organizations and individuals to manage and use the requisitioned land for proper purposes and in an efficient manner; return the land upon the expiration of the land requisition duration; and pay compensation for damage caused by the land requisition.
7. Payment of compensation for damage caused by the land requisition must comply with the following provisions:
a/ In case the requisitioned land is destroyed, monetary compensation shall be paid on the basis of the land use rights transfer price on the market at the time of payment;
b/ In case of income loss directly caused by the land requisition, the compensation amount shall be determined on the basis of the actually lost income amount calculated from the date of allocation of the requisitioned land to the date of return of the requisitioned land stated in the decision on return of requisitioned land. The actually lost income amount must be consistent with the income amount generated by the use of the requisitioned land under normal conditions before the land requisition;
c/ In case of asset damage directly caused by the land requisition, the compensation amount shall be determined on the basis of the asset transfer price on the market at the time of payment;
d/ Chairpersons of provincial- or district-level People’s Committees of localities where land is requisitioned shall establish councils to determine amounts of compensation for damage caused by land requisition on the basis of written declarations of land users and cadastral records. Based on compensation amounts determined by the councils, chairpersons of provincial- or district-level People’s Committees shall decide on compensation amounts;
dd/ Amounts of compensation for damage caused by the land requisition shall be paid by the state budget in lump sum directly to persons whose land is requisitioned and owners of assets attached to the requisitioned land within 30 days from the date of land return.
8. The Government shall detail this Article.
Chapter VII
COMPENSATION, SUPPORT AND RESETTLEMENT UPON LAND RECOVERY BY THE STATE
Section 1
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Article 91.
Principles of compensation, support and resettlement upon land recovery by the State
1. Compensation, support and resettlement upon land recovery by the State shall be carried out in a democratic, objective, fair, public, transparent, timely and lawful manner; and for the common good, and sustainable, civilized and modern development of communities and localities; and must pay attention to social policy beneficiaries and subjects directly engaged in agricultural production.
2. Land-related compensation shall be made in the form of allocation of land with the same use purpose as that of recovered land. In case of unavailability of land for compensation, monetary compensation shall be paid according to the specific price of the type of recovered land as decided by the competent People’s Committee at the time of approving the compensation, support and resettlement plan. In case persons whose land is recovered are eligible for compensation in land or houses but wish to receive monetary compensation, they shall be entitled to monetary compensation as registered upon the formulation of the compensation, support and resettlement plan.
Persons whose land is recovered and who wish for compensation in land shall be considered for receiving compensation in land with use purposes different from those of the recovered land or in houses provided such land or houses are available in their localities.
3. Asset owners specified by the civil law who suffer asset damage shall be entitled to compensation for damage; owners of production and business establishments subject to stoppage of their production and business activities due to land recovery by the State shall be considered for support.
4. The State shall provide support to persons whose land is recovered and asset owners in order to help them get employed, earn incomes and stabilize their livelihood and production.
5. Resettlement areas must complete technical and social infrastructure conditions under detailed plans approved by competent agencies; and, at the same time, must ensure conformity with cultural traditions, customs and practices of residential communities of localities where land is recovered. A resettlement area may be arranged for one or more project(s).
6. Provincial- and district-level People’s Committees shall organize the formulation and implementation of resettlement projects in order to facilitate the proactive arrangement of resettlement for persons whose land is recovered. The approval of compensation, support and resettlement plans and arrangement of resettlement shall be completed before land recovery decisions are issued.
7. When the State recovers a land parcel under Articles 78 and 79 of this Law, if the remaining area of the land parcel after the recovery is smaller than the minimum area specified by the provincial-level People’s Committee under Clause 2, Article 220 of this Law and the land user agrees to the land recovery, the competent People’s Committee shall decide on land recovery and carry out the compensation and support and manage such land area in accordance with law.
Funds for compensation and support in the case of land recovery specified in this Clause shall be included in investment projects’ funds for compensation, support and resettlement.
Article 92.
Compensation, support and resettlement in special cases
1. For an investment project subject to investment policy decision or approval by the National Assembly or Prime Minister and subject to land recovery, leading to relocation of the whole local community and affecting the life, economy, society and cultural traditions of the community, which requires specific policies on compensation, support and resettlement, the provincial-level People’s Council shall decide on compensation, support and resettlement policies suitable to practical local conditions.
2. In the case of land recovery specified in Clause 3, Article 82 of this Law, persons whose land is recovered shall be entitled to compensation, support and resettlement as in the case of land recovery specified in Articles 78 and 79 of this Law.
3. For organizations that have their land recovered but are not entitled to land-related compensation, or organizations with assets assigned by the State to them for management and use, the following provisions shall apply:
a/ For organizations that are allocated land by the State with land use levy payment or leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period, if their paid land use levy or land rental amounts come from the state budget, and for organizations that are allocated land by the State without land use levy payment upon land recovery by the State, they are not entitled to land-related compensation but may receive monetary support in case they are required to be relocated to new establishments as decided by competent state agencies. The maximum support level must not exceed the land-related compensation level;
b/ For people’s armed forces units that are using land subject to land recovery by the State under Article 79 of this Law, they may be relocated to new locations or have their locations exchanged as appropriate;
c/ Upon land recovery by the State, organizations that suffer damage to assets assigned by the State to them for management and use and are required to be relocated to new establishments may use monetary compensation for such assets to make investment in such new establishments under investment projects approved by competent authorities.
4. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 93.
Inclusion of contents on compensation, support and resettlement in independent projects and land recovery, compensation, support and resettlement for investment projects
In case the contents of compensation, support and resettlement are included in an independent project in accordance with the public investment law, the land recovery, compensation, support and resettlement must comply with this Law.
Article 94.
Funds for, and payment of amounts of, compensation, support and resettlement
1. Funds for compensation, support and resettlement shall be allocated by the State. Funds for compensation, support and resettlement include: money amount paid for compensation, support and resettlement upon land recovery by the State; expenses for the organization of compensation, support and resettlement, and other expenses.
2. In case the State allocates land with land use levy or leases land in accordance with the land law, if project implementers voluntarily advance amounts for compensation, support and resettlement under compensation, support and resettlement plans approved by competent agencies, such advanced amounts shall be refunded by the state budget in the form of deduction of payable land use levy or land rental amounts. Deductible amounts must not exceed payable land use levy or land rental amounts; and the remaining amounts (if any) shall be accounted as project investment costs.
In case the State allocates land without land use levy, allocates land with land use levy or leases land in accordance with the land law, if project implementers that are entitled to land use levy or land rental exemption for the entire land use period voluntarily advance amounts for compensation, support and resettlement under compensation, support and resettlement plans approved by competent agencies, funds for compensation, support and resettlement shall be accounted as project investment costs.
3. The making of payments for compensation, support and resettlement shall be carried out as follows:
a/ Within 30 days after a decision approving the compensation, support and resettlement plan takes effect, the agency, unit or organization in charge of compensation shall pay compensation and support amounts to persons whose land is recovered and asset owners;
b/ In case the agency, unit or organization in charge of compensation delays the payment of compensation and support amounts to persons whose land is recovered and asset owners, these persons shall, in addition to compensation and support amounts under the compensation, support and resettlement plan approved by a competent authority, may also be entitled to an additional payment equal to the late-payment amount specified in the Law on Tax Administration, which shall be calculated on the late-payment amount and the late payment period.
Agencies competent to approve compensation, support and resettlement plans shall approve plans on late payment of compensation to persons whose land is recovered and asset owners. Funds for late payment of compensation shall be allocated from budgets of authorities approving compensation, support and resettlement plans.
4. In case persons whose land is recovered and asset owners refuse to receive compensation and support amounts under compensation, support and resettlement plans approved by competent authorities, or in case the to-be-recovered land and assets are disputed, compensation and support amounts shall be deposited into deposit accounts with demand interest rates that are opened by units and organizations performing compensation, support and resettlement tasks at commercial banks in which the State holds dominant shares. Interests on compensation and support amounts shall be paid to land use rights holders and asset owners entitled to compensation and support.
5. In case compensation, support and resettlement plans are required to be modified or supplemented with modified contents on land and asset prices, then land and asset prices to be used for compensation calculation shall be determined at the time of issuance of decisions on modification of compensation, support and resettlement plans. At the time of issuance of a decision on modification of the compensation, support and resettlement plan, if land and asset prices are lower than those stated in the approved compensation, support and resettlement plan, the latter shall be applied. Modified and supplemented contents other than those on land and asset prices shall be applied in accordance with the land law at the time of approval of the compensation, support and resettlement plan.
6. Land users that are entitled to compensation upon land recovery by the State but have yet to fulfil their land-related financial obligations toward the State in accordance with law shall have the owed money amounts cleared against compensation amounts for refund to the state budget.
7. The Government shall detail this Article.
Section 2
LAND-RELATED COMPENSATION
Article 95.
Conditions for being entitled to land-related compensation when the State recovers land for national defense and security purposes; or for socio-economic development for national and public interests
1. Subjects entitled to land-related compensation when the State recovers land for national defense and security purposes; or for socio-economic development for national and public interests include:
a/ Households and individuals currently using land other than land leased with annual land rental payment;
b/ Residential communities currently using land under such works as pagodas, communal houses, temples, shrines, ancestral worshipping houses or other religious works; or agricultural land as specified in Clause 4, Article 178 of this Law and such land is not disputed and certified by commune-level People’s Committees of localities where the land is located as land for common use for the communities;
c/ People of Vietnamese origin residing abroad as specified in Clause 1, Article 44 of this Law;
d/ Religious organizations and dependent religious organizations licensed by the State and currently using land other than land allocated or leased by the State or other than land acquired or donated from July 1, 2004, onward;
dd/ People of Vietnamese origin residing abroad who are allocated land by the State with land use levy payment or leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental payment for the entire lease period; or who acquire land use rights in industrial parks, cottage industry zones, hi-tech parks and economic zones;
e/ Organizations allocated land by the State with land use levy payment or leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period; or inherit or acquire land use rights or receive land use rights as capital contributions;
g/ Foreign organizations with diplomatic functions and leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period;
h/ Economic organizations, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad, and foreign-invested economic organizations allocated land by the State with land use levy payment for implementation of investment projects on construction of houses for sale or for combined sale and lease; or leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period.
2. A subject specified in Clause 1 of this Article is entitled to land-related compensation when satisfying one of the following conditions:
a/ Possessing a certificate of land use rights or certificate of ownership of houses and residential land use rights or certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets;
b/ Having a land allocation decision or land lease decision or decision permitting land repurposing issued by a competent state agency;
c/ Having one of land use rights papers for use as a basis for issuance of a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets as specified in Article 137 of this Law;
d/ Having acquired land use rights in accordance with law from a person having lawful land use rights but having not yet completed land registration procedures;
dd/ Being entitled to use land as agreed upon in a mortgage contract to settle debts or a document on recognition of results of the auction of land use rights, provided that the auction winner has fulfilled its/his/her financial obligations in accordance with law.
3. The Government shall specify other subjects entitled to land-related compensation and conditions for receiving land-related compensation.
Article 96.
Land-related compensation upon the State’s recovery of agricultural land of households and individuals
1. For households and individuals that are using agricultural land subject to recovery by the State, if fully satisfying the conditions for receiving compensation specified in Article 95 of this Law, they are entitled to compensation in agricultural land or monetary compensation or in land with use purposes different from those of the recovered land or in houses.
2. For households and individuals that are using agricultural land subject to recovery by the State, the compensation in agricultural land is provided as follows:
a/ Agricultural land areas entitled to compensation include the area within the quota specified in Articles 176 and 177 of this Law and the area of land acquired through inheritance;
b/ For agricultural land areas acquired through the transfer of land use rights in excess of the law-specified quotas before July 1, 2014, the compensation and support must comply with the Government’s regulations.
3. For agricultural land areas used before July 1, 2004, of which users are households or individuals directly engaged in agricultural production but are ineligible for being granted certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets in accordance with this Law, the compensation must comply with the Government’s regulations.
Article 97.
Land-related compensation upon the State’s recovery of agricultural land of economic organizations, residential communities, religious organizations and dependent religious organizations
1. For economic organizations that are using agricultural land allocated by the State with land use levy payment or leased by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period or acquire land use rights, if satisfying the conditions for receiving compensation specified in Article 95 of this Law upon land recovery by the State, they are entitled to land-related compensation.
2. For residential communities, religious organizations and dependent religious organizations that are using agricultural land, if fully satisfying the conditions for receiving compensation specified in Article 95 of this Law upon land recovery by the State, they are entitled to land-related compensation.
Article 98.
Land-related compensation upon the State’s recovery of residential land
1. For households, individuals, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and economic organizations that are using residential land or owning houses associated with land use rights in Vietnam, if fully satisfying the condition for receiving compensation specified in Article 95 of this Law upon land recovery by the State, they are entitled to compensation in residential land or houses or monetary compensation or in land with use purposes different from those of the recovered land.
2. For economic organizations, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested economic organizations that are using land to implement housing investment projects, if fully satisfying the conditions for receiving compensation specified in Article 95 of this Law upon land recovery by the State, they are entitled to monetary compensation or compensation in land.
3. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 99.
Land-related compensation upon the State’s recovery of non-agricultural land other than residential land of households or individuals
1. For households and individuals that are using non-agricultural land other than residential land, if fully satisfying the conditions for receiving compensation specified in Article 95 of this Law upon land recovery by the State, they are entitled to compensation in land with the same use purpose as that of the recovered land or in monetary compensation for the remaining land use period, for land for definite-term use, or in land with the use purpose different from that of the recovered land or in houses.
2. For households and individuals that are using non-agricultural land other than residential land leased by the State with one-off payment payment of land rental for the entire lease period and are entitled to land rental exemption, if fully satisfying the conditions for receiving compensation specified in Article 95 of this Law upon land recovery by the State, they are entitled to land-related compensation.
3. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 100.
Land-related compensation upon the State’s recovery of non-agricultural land other than residential land of economic organizations, public non-business units, residential communities, religious organizations, dependent religious organizations, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad, foreign organizations with diplomatic functions and foreign-invested economic organizations
1. For economic organizations and people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad that are using non-agricultural land other than residential land or cemetery land, if fully satisfying the conditions for receiving compensation specified in Article 95 of this Law upon land recovery by the State, they are entitled to compensation in land with the same use purpose. In case of unavailability of land for compensation, monetary compensation shall be paid.
2. For economic organizations that are using land allocated by the State for implementation of investment projects on construction of cemetery infrastructure or columbaria as specified in Clause 2, Article 119 of this Law, and economic organizations specified in Article 42 of this Law that are using non-agricultural land other than residential land from receipt of land use rights as capital contributions, if fully satisfying the conditions for receiving compensation specified in Article 95 of this Law upon land recovery by the State, they are entitled to land-related compensation.
3. For economic organizations, public non-business units, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad, foreign organizations with diplomatic functions and foreign-invested economic organizations that are using non-agricultural land leased by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period, if fully satisfying the conditions for receiving compensation specified in Article 95 of this Law upon land recovery by the State, they are entitled to land-related compensation.
4. For residential communities, religious organizations and dependent religious organizations that are using non-agricultural land, if fully satisfying the conditions for receiving compensation specified in Article 95 of this Law upon land recovery by the State, they are entitled to land-related compensation.
5. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 101.
Cases not entitled to land-related compensation upon land recovery by the State
1. The cases specified in Clause 1, Article 107 of this Law.
2. Land managed by the State’s agencies and organizations as specified in Article 217 of this Law.
3. Land recovered in the cases specified in Article 81, and Clauses 1 and 2, Article 82, of this Law.
4. Cases ineligible for grant of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets in accordance with this Law, except the case specified in Clause 3, Article 96 of this Law.
Section 3
COMPENSATION FOR ASSET DAMAGE AND LAND INVESTMENT COSTS
Article 102.
Compensation for damage to buildings, houses and land-attached construction works upon land recovery by the State
1. For houses and land-attached works serving daily-life activities of households, individuals, and people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad that are subject to dismantlement or demolition upon land recovery by State, the owners of such houses or works will be entitled to compensation equaling costs for construction of new houses or works of equivalent technical standards in accordance with relevant laws.
Owners of to-be-dismantled or -demolished houses and works may use materials recovered from these houses and works.
2. Compensation for buildings and land-attached constructions works other than those specified in Clause 1 of this Article that are subject to partial or whole dismantlement or demolition upon land recovery by the State is provided as follow:
a/ For a house or construction work that is wholly or partly dismantled or demolished, if the remaining part does not meet technical standards as prescribed by law, the compensation shall equal costs for construction of a new house or construction work of equivalent technical standards in accordance with the construction law;
b/ For a house or another construction work that is dismantled or demolished in cases other than that specified at Point a of this Clause, compensation shall be paid according to actual damage.
3. For land-attached technical and social infrastructure works currently in use other than those specified in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article, the compensation shall equal costs for construction of new infrastructure works of equivalent technical standards in accordance with specialized laws.
4. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall issue the unit price of compensation for actual damage to buildings, houses and construction works specified in this Article for use as a basis for calculating compensation upon land recovery; the unit price of compensation for damage specified in this Article must be conformable with the market price and shall be considered for adjustment in case of fluctuations so as to serve as a basis for calculation of compensation upon land recovery.
5. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 103.
Compensation for crops and livestock
In case the land recovery by the State causes damage to crops and livestock, compensation shall be paid according to the following regulations:
1. Compensation for annual crops shall be calculated based on the output value of the harvest of such crops. The output value of the harvest of a crop shall be calculated according to the highest yield of that crop in the 3 preceding years in the same locality and the unit price of compensation;
2. Compensation for perennial crops shall be calculated according to actual damage value.
Compensation for multiple-harvest perennial crops that are in the harvest period shall be calculated by the output of the unharvested crop corresponding to the number of the remaining years in the harvest cycle and the unit price of compensation;
3. Unharvested crops that can be moved to another location will be entitled to compensation for relocation expenses and actual damage due to relocation and replanting.
Compensation for forest trees planted with state budget funds, and natural forest trees assigned to organizations, households and individuals for planting, management, tending and protection shall be calculated based on actual damage; compensation money shall be distributed to those who manage, tend and protect forests in accordance with the forestry law;
4. In case land recovery by the State causes damage to livestock being aquatic animals or livestock of other types that cannot be moved, compensation shall be calculated based on actual damage according to the specific compensation level provided by provincial-level People’s Committees;
5. Owners of crops and livestock specified in Clauses 1, 2, 3 and 4 of this Article may themselves recover their crops and livestock before handing over land to the State;
6. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall issue the unit price for compensation for damage to crops and livestock according to production processes promulgated  by the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development or by local authorities in accordance with law; the unit price of compensation for damage to crops and livestock specified in this Article must be conformable with the market price and shall be considered for adjustment in case of fluctuations so as to serve as a basis for calculation of compensation upon land recovery.
Article 104.
Compensation for expenses for movement of assets upon land recovery by the State
1. Those who are required to move their assets upon land recovery by the State will be entitled to compensation from the State to cover expenses for dismantlement, movement and installation; in case the to-be-moved assets are machinery or production lines, compensation will also be paid for damage during dismantlement, transportation and installation.
2. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall provide the levels of compensation specified in Clause 1 of this Article.
Article 105.
Cases not entitled to compensation for land-attached assets upon land recovery by the State
1. Land-attached assets in one of the cases of land recovery specified in Clauses 1, 2, 4, 5 and 8, Article 81; and at Points b and c, Clause 1, Article 82, of this Law.
2. Land-attached assets that are created in contravention of law or created during the validity period of land recovery notices issued by competent state agencies in accordance with this Law.
3. Land-attached assets that are construction works’ items constructed under definite-term construction permits in accordance with the construction law and, by the time of land recovery, such construction permits have expired.
Owners of the assets specified in this Clause shall be entitled to support for dismastment, demolition and relocation.
4. Technical and social infrastructure works and other construction works which, before the time of issuance of land recovery decisions by competent authorities, had been no longer used by their owners.
Article 106.
Compensation for damage to land belonging to safety corridors of works, protection areas and safety belts when building works or setting up areas with safety corridors
When building a work or setting up an area with a safety corridor without recovering land belonging to the safety corridor of such work or protection area or safety belt of such area, land users will be entitled to compensation for damage due to limited use of land and for damage to land-attached assets according to the Government’s regulations.
Article 107.
Compensation for remaining land investment costs upon land recovery by the State for national defense and security purposes or socio-economic development for national and public interests
1. Cases not entitled to compensation for land but entitled to compensation for remaining land investment costs upon land recovery by the State include:
a/ Land allocated by the State without collection of land use levy, except agricultural land of households and individuals entitled to compensation for land specified in Article 96 of this Law;
b/ Land allocated by the State to organizations with collection of land use levy, which, however, is exempted;
c/ Land leased by the State with annual payment of land rental; land leased with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period but the land rental is exempted, except the cases specified in Clause 2, Article 99 of this Law;
d/ Land belonging to the agricultural land fund for use for community interests leased by commune-level People’s Committees;
dd/ Land contracted for agricultural production, forestry, aquaculture or salt making;
e/ Agricultural land areas allocated in excess of the quotas specified in Article 176 of this Law.
2. Remaining land investment costs include the whole or part of the following costs:
a/ Ground leveling cost;
b/ Cost for improvement to increase soil fertility, remove salinity, prevent erosion and water intrusion, for land used for agricultural production;
c/ Cost of reinforcing the bearing capacity against vibration and land subsidence, for land used as production and business premises;
d/ Funds for compensation, support and resettlement which have been advanced under compensation, support and resettlement plans approved by competent agencies but have not been fully deducted from payable land use levy or land rental amounts;
dd/ Other related costs already invested in land in conformity with land use purposes.
3. The Government shall detail this Article
Section 4
SUPPORT
Article 108.
Support upon land recovery by the State
1. Support upon land recovery by the State includes:
a/ Support for life stabilization;
b/ Support for stabilization of production and business;
c/ Support for relocation of livestock;
d/ Support for training, career change and job search;
dd/ Resettlement support, for the cases specified in Clause 8, Article 111 of this Law;
e/ Support for dismantlement, demolition and relocation according to Clause 3, Article 105 of this Law.
2. In addition to the support specified in Clause 1 of this Article, based on the actual situation in their localities, provincial-level People’s Committees shall decide on other measures and levels of support to ensure accommodation and stabilize life and production for persons subject to land recovery and affected asset owners for each specific project.
3. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 109.
Support for training, career change and job search for households and individuals upon land recovery by the State
1. Monetary support not exceeding 5 times the price of agricultural land of the same type specified in the locality’s land price list for the entire to-be-recovered agricultural land area, which, however, must not exceed the local agricultural land allocation quota as specified in Article 176 of this Law, for the following subjects:
a/ Households and individuals directly engaged in agricultural production that are using agricultural land allocated by the State or acquired by transfer, inheritance or donation, or have their land use rights recognized, and have received monetary compensation upon land recovery by the State due to unavailability of land for compensation;
b/ Individuals who are social protection policy beneficiaries or subjects entitled to monthly social allowances in accordance with law, invalids, diseased soldiers, and families of martyrs who have received monetary compensation upon recovery of agricultural land by the State due to unavailability of land for compensation;
c/ Households and individuals that are using land contracted for use for agricultural production, forestry or aquaculture by state-owned agricultural or forestry farms or agricultural and forestry companies transformed from state-owned agricultural and forestry farms, are being directly engaged in agricultural production, and have a stable source of income from agricultural production on that land, except individuals who are cadres and employees of such farms or companies, who have retired or stopped working due to loss of work capacity or quit their jobs and are entitled to allowances;
d/ Households and individuals that are using land contracted by agricultural production corporations or agricultural cooperatives, are being directly engaged in agricultural production, and have a stable source of income from agricultural production on that land.
2. Persons entitled to the support under Clause 1 of this Article will also be entitled to support in the form of training, career change and job search according to Clause 4 of this Article.
3. For households and individuals that use residential land for combined residential-and-commercial purposes and have a stable source of income from service and business activities, if having to be relocated upon land recovery by the State, they will be entitled to borrow concessional loans for production and business development and the support specified in Clause 4 of this Article.
4. The provision of support in the form of training, career change and job search for persons whose recovered land is agricultural land or residential land used for combined residential-and-commercial purposes is as follows:
a/ The Ministry of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with related ministries and sectors in, submitting to the Prime Minister for decision mechanisms and policies on employment and vocational training for persons subject to land recovery specified in Clauses 2 and 3 of this Article;
b/ Provincial-level People’s Committees shall, based on the mechanisms and policies on employment and vocational training decided by the Prime Minister and actual conditions in their localities, determine the specific level of support appropriate to each subject entitled to support specified in Clauses 2 and 3 of this Article; and direct district-level People’s Committees to implement Point c of this Clause;
c/ Based on district-level annual land-use plans, district-level People’s Committees shall formulate, and organize the implementation of, plans on training, career change and job search in their localities. Plans on training, career change and job search shall be formulated and approved simultaneously with compensation, support and resettlement plans.
During the process of formulating plans on training, career change and job search, district-level People’s Committees shall seek and assimilate opinions of, and give explanations about issues raised by, persons subject to land recovery.
5. The specific support levels in Clause 1 of this Article shall be determined by provincial-level People’s Committees based on actual local conditions.
6. The Government shall detail this Article.
Section 5
RESETTLEMENT
Article 110.
Formulation and implementation of resettlement projects, resettlement areas
1. Provincial- and district-level People’s Committees shall organize the formulation and implementation of resettlement projects in accordance with law.
2. Resettlement areas must meet the following conditions:
a/ Their technical infrastructure facilities must at least meet new-countryside standards, for rural areas, or urban standards, for urban areas, in which roads must be connected to vicinities; lighting and domestic electricity; water supply and drainage systems; communications infrastructure; and environmental treatment facilities;
b/ Their social infrastructure facilities must ensure access to health, education, cultural and sport services; marketplaces; trade, service, entertainment and recreation facilities; and cemeteries;
c/ Being suitable to conditions, customs and practices of each region and area.
3. The resettlement location shall be selected in the following order of priority:
a/ In the geographical area of the commune-level administrative unit of the locality where exists the to-be-recovered land;
b/ In the geographical area of the district-level administrative unit of the locality where exists the to-be-recovered land, in case of unavailability of land for arrangement of resettlement in the geographical area of the commune-level administrative unit of the locality where exists the to-be-recovered land;
c/ In another geographical area with equivalent conditions, in case of unavailability of land for arrangement of resettlement in the geographical area of the district-level administrative unit of the locality where exists the to-be-recovered land;
d/ Land areas in favorable locations will be prioritized when selecting land to build resettlement areas.
4. After land in resettlement areas is allocated to eligible subjects, the remaining land shall be allocated with priority given to individuals entitled to allocation of residential land without auction of land use rights in accordance with this Law; then the remaining land, if any, shall be allocated to individuals entitled to allocation of residential land through auction of land use rights in accordance with this Law.
Article 111.
Arrangement of resettlement
1. Units and organizations performing compensation, support and resettlement work that are vested with the responsibility to arrange resettlement by provincial- or district-level People’s Committees shall send to persons subject to recovery of residential land and house owners subject to relocation a notice of resettlement arrangement plans and publicly post such notice for at least 15 days at the working offices of commune-level People’s Committees and community houses of residential quarters of the places where exist the to-be-recovered land and at resettlement areas where persons have been living before competent agencies approve resettlement arrangement plans.
The notice must state the location and size of the land or housing areas for resettlement; design and area of ​​each land lot or apartment; land price, resettlement house price; and plan on arrangement of resettlement for persons subject to land recovery.
2. Resettlement arrangement plans approved by competent agencies must be publicly posted at the working offices of commune-level People’s Committees and community houses in residential quarters of the places where exist the to-be-recovered land and at resettlement areas.
3. The land price used to calculate land use levy at resettlement areas for persons entitled to compensation for residential land and persons allocated residential land for resettlement in case they are ineligible for compensation for residential land is the land price determined according to the land price list at the time of approval of the compensation, support and resettlement plan. In case of unavailability of land prices in the land price list, it is required to supplement the land price list for use as a basis for calculating land use levy for persons entitled to resettlement arrangement. Persons who are entitled to resettlement arrangement may owe land-related financial obligations if they meet the conditions prescribed by the Government.
The selling price of resettlement houses in geographical areas of district-level administrative units shall be decided by district-level People’s Committees. In case of arranging resettlement houses in geographical areas of other district-level administrative units, the selling price of resettlement houses shall be decided by provincial-level People’s Committees.
4. For households and individuals having residential land, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and economic organizations using residential land and holding ownership of houses associated with land use rights in Vietnam, upon land recovery by the State, if fully meeting the conditions for receiving residential land as compensation specified in Article 95 of this Law, they will be entitled to compensation in the form of allocation of residential land or houses in resettlement areas or other appropriate locations.
In case there are multiple generations in a household or more than one couple living together on a residential land parcel subject to recovery, if they are qualified to be separated into separate households in accordance with the law on residence or in case there are more than one household co-holding the right to use one residential land parcel subject to recovery but the ​​residential land area as compensation is not large enough to be allocated separately to each household, the households having not yet received land as compensation will be considered to be provided with support in the form of allocation of residential land with collection of land use levy or sale, lease or lease-purchase of houses.
5. For households and individuals that are required to be relocated upon the State’s recovery of land attached with houses but are ineligible for compensation for residential land, if they do not have any other accommodations in the communes or townships, for  rural areas, or towns or provincial cities, or urban districts, towns or municipal cities, where exists the land subject to recovery, they will be entitled to allocation of residential land with collection of land use levy from the State or sale, lease or lease-purchase of houses.
6. For households and individuals subject to recovery of agricultural land or non-agricultural land other than residential land, if they fully meet the conditions for compensation for land specified in Article 95 of this Law and wish to receive residential land or houses as compensation, they will be entitled to compensation in the form of allocation of residential land or resettlement houses, provided that localities have sufficient residential land or housing.
7. Persons whose residential land is recovered for implementation of investment projects on construction of urban centers will be entitled to receive residential land and houses in those urban centers as compensation; pending resettlement arrangement, they will be placed in temporary accommodations or provided with house rental support; the specific duration and level of support shall be determined by provincial-level People’s Committees in conformity with local realities. In case of recovery of residential land for other purposes, if resettlement land or housing is available in the areas where exists the to-be-recovered land, these persons will be entitled to allocation of residential land or houses in such areas as compensation. To prioritize the allocation of land in convenient locations to households and individuals using residential land for combined residential-and-commercial purposes and people with meritorious contributions to the revolution. To adopt mechanisms on bonus for people subject to land recovery who hand over grounds ahead of schedule according to regulations of provincial-level People’s Committees.
8. In case persons whose residential land is recovered have to be relocated and are entitled to allocation of residential land or resettlement houses as compensation but the monetary compensation for residential land is smaller than the value of the minimum resettlement compensation level, the State will provide them with a monetary support so that they will receive the minimum resettlement compensation level.
9. In case of implementing investment projects on condominium renovation and reconstruction, apartment owners will be entitled to compensation, support and resettlement on accordance with the housing law.
10. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall, based on the availability of land and housing for resettlement and the actual situation in their localities, specify the minimum resettlement compensation level mentioned in Clause 8 of this Article; and decide on provision of support in the form of allocation of residential land with collection of land use levy or sale, lease or lease-purchase of houses to households not yet allocated residential land as compensation according to Clause 4 of this Article.
11. In case persons who are using state-owned houses located in to-be-recovered land areas have to demolish such houses, they will be entitled to support according to the Government’s regulations.
12. The Government shall detail this Article.
Chapter VIII
DEVELOPMENT, MANAGEMENT AND EXPLOITATION OF THE LAND FUND
Article 112.
Principles of development, management and exploitation of the land fund
The development, management and exploitation of the land fund must comply with land-use master plans and land use plans, ensuring that land is used for proper purposes in a public, transparent, reasonable and effective manner in accordance with law; ensure satisfaction of requirements for socio-economic development, provision of support for resettlement, social security, and arrangement of residential land and production land for ethnic minority people serving the implementation of policies in accordance with this Law.
Article 113.
Land developed, managed and exploited by land fund development organizations
1. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall assign land fund development organizations to manage and exploit:
a/ Land specified in Clause 5, Article 86 of this Law;
b/ Land recovered in the cases specified in Clause 26 and Clause 27, Article 79 of this Law for auction of land use rights;
c/ Urban land recovered under Article 81, Points a, b, c and d, Clause 1, and Clause 2, Article 82, of this Law;
d/ Land assigned to localities for management, handling or recovery due to rearrangement and handling of houses and land in accordance with the law on management and use of public assets, except cases in which such houses and land are handled in the form of assignment or arrangement for use for purposes set by the State in accordance with the law on management and use of public assets;
dd/ Land originating from equitization of state enterprises that is leased by the State with annual payment of land rental and recovered by the State for allocation to competent authorities for management;
e/ Land for mineral activities that is returned under land lease contracts;
g/ Land formed from state budget-funded sea reclamation activities; and,
h/ Land recovered in the cases specified in Clause 29, Article 79 of this Law.
2. Competent People’s Committees shall direct land fund development organizations to perform the tasks specified in Article 115 of this Law, for the land areas developed, managed and exploited by land fund development organizations. Commune-level People’s Committees of localities where exist these land areas shall coordinate with land fund development organizations in managing and protecting land, and preventing land encroachment and appropriation.
3. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 114.
Land development funds
1. Local land development funds are off-budget state financial funds established by provincial-level People’s Committees to advance capital for performance of tasks falling within the functions of land fund development organizations and implementation of land-related support policies for ethnic minority people and performance of other tasks in accordance with law.
2. It is the responsibility of land development funds to preserve and develop their capital and operate for non-profit purposes. Finances of land development funds include funds allocated from the state budget and funds mobilized from other sources in accordance with law. Capital amounts advanced for performance of the tasks specified in Clause 1 of this Article shall be refunded to land development funds in accordance with law.
3. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall propose the same-level People’s Councils to decide on local budget allocation for grant of charter capital and refund of advanced amounts to land development funds with regard to tasks covered by local budgets.
4. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 115.
Land fund development organizations
1. Land fund development organizations shall be established to create, develop, manage and exploit land in localities.
2. Land fund development organizations’ finances include funds allocated from the state budget and capital advanced from land development funds.
3. The Government shall provide the establishment, functions, tasks, organizational structure, management mechanism, operation, and financial mechanism of land fund development organizations.
Chapter IX
LAND ALLOCATION, LAND LEASE AND LAND REPURPOSING
Article 116.
Grounds for land allocation, land lease and grant of permission for land repurposing
1. The ground for land allocation or land lease through auction of land use rights is the document approving land use rights auction results issued by a competent state agency.
2. The ground for land allocation or land lease through bidding to select investors to implement land-using projects is the document approving investor selection results, for projects subject to bidding to select investors to implement land-using projects in accordance with the bidding law.
3. The grounds for land allocation or land lease without auction of land use rights or without bidding to select investors to implement land-using projects; and for grant of permission for land repurposing, except the case specified in Clause 5 of this Article, are as follows:
a/ For projects on the list specified at Point b, Clause 3, Article 67 of this Law:  district-level annual land-use plans approved by competent agencies and investment decisions as prescribed by the law on public investment or investment policy approval-cum-investor approval decisions or investor approval decisions as prescribed by the investment law or housing law or documents on approval of investor selection results for investment projects implemented by the mode of public-private partnership.
b/ For the projects specified in Clause 4, Article 67 of this Law: investment decisions as prescribed by the law on public investment or investment policy approval-cum-investor approval decisions or investor approval decisions as prescribed by the investment law or housing law or documents on approval of investor selection results for investment projects implemented by the mode of public-private partnership.
4. In case the implementation progress of projects is divided into different phases under investment policy decisions or approval documents or land recovery, compensation, support and resettlement work is carried out according to schedule, state agencies competent to allocate or lease land shall decide on land allocation or land lease according to the progress of investment projects or land recovery, compensation, support and resettlement work.
5. The grounds for grant of permission for repurposing of agricultural land in residential quarters and agricultural land lying in the same parcels with residential land to residential land or repurposing of non-agricultural land other than residential land to residential land for households and individuals are district-level land-use master plans or general master plans or zoning master plans approved by competent agencies in accordance with the law on urban planning.
6. The grounds for land allocation, land lease or grant of permission for land purposing in cases not subject to investment policy approval or investor approval according to the investment law must comply with the Government’s regulations.
7. The Government shall provide in detail land allocation, land lease and land repurposing.
Article 117.
Allocation and lease of land currently used by a person to another
The allocation or lease of land that is currently managed or used by a person to another may only be decided after competent state agencies decide to recover land and compensation, support and resettlement work is completed in accordance with law, except cases of transfer of real estate projects under the law on real estate business.
Article 118.
Land allocation without collection of land use levy
1. Individuals directly engaged in agricultural production who are allocated agricultural land within the quotas specified in Article 176 of this Law.
2. Land for construction of working offices of agencies of the Communist Party of Vietnam, state agencies, Vietnam Fatherland Front, socio-political organizations; socio-political-professional organizations, socio-professional organizations, social organizations, and other organizations established in accordance with law and having their tasks assigned and their recurrent expenditures partly covered by the State; land for national defense and security purposes; land for non-commercial public purposes; land for cemeteries, funeral homes and cremation facilities, and land for columbaria not falling into the cases specified in Clause 2, Article 119 of this Law; and land for belief activities as compensation upon the State’s recovery of land for belief activities.
3. Users of special-use forest land, protection forest land and production forest land.
4. Public non-business units using land for construction of non-business facilities.
5. Residential communities using agricultural land; religious organizations and dependent religious organizations using land specified in Clause 2, Article 213 of this Law.
6. Agencies and organizations using land to implement investment projects on construction of official residences under the housing law.
7. Ethnic minority people who are not individuals directly involved in agricultural production but entitled to land allocation without collection of land use levy under the policy specified in Article 16 of this Law.
8. Organizations using land for construction of houses for resettlement under projects of the State.
9. The allocation of land specified in this Article must comply with Article 124 of this Law.
Article 119.
Subjects of land allocation with collection of land use levy
1. Individuals that are allocated residential land.
2. Economic organizations that are allocated land to implement investment projects on construction of commercial houses, social houses, and houses for the people’s armed forces; investment projects on condominium renovation and construction in accordance with the housing law; investment projects on construction of cemetery infrastructure for transfer of land use rights associated with infrastructure facilities; or investment projects on construction of columbaria.
3. People of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested economic organizations that are allocated land to implement commercial housing investment projects in accordance with the housing law; or use land acquired by transfer of real estate projects in accordance with the law on real estate business in case of land allocation by the State with collection of land use levy.
4. Households, individuals, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad, economic organizations, and foreign-invested economic organizations that are allocated land as compensation upon land recovery by the State in accordance with this Law.
5. The land allocation specified in this Article must comply with Articles 124, 125 and 126 of this Law.
Article 120.
Land lease
1. The State shall lease land with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period or collection of annual land rental in the cases other than those specified in Articles 118 and 119 of this Law.
2. The State shall lease land with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period in the following cases:
a/ The lessees use land to implement investment projects in agricultural production, forestry, aquaculture, and salt making;
b/ The lessees use land under industrial parks, cottage industry zones, hi-tech parks, and lodging houses for industrial park workers; use land for public interests for business purposes; or use commercial and service land for tourism and working space business;
c/ The lessees use land to build social houses for lease in accordance with the housing law.
3. The State shall lease land with collection of annual land rental in the following cases:
a/ Cases other than those specified in Clause 2 of this Article;
b/ Cases specified in Clause 2 of this Article, if land users wish to pay land rental on an annual basis;
c/ Cases in which public non-business units choose the form of land lease specified in Clause 3, Article 30 of this Law.
4. The land lease specified in this Article must comply with Articles 124, 125 and 126 of this Law.
Article 121.
Land repurposing
1. Cases of land repurposing subject to permission by competent state agencies:
a/ Repurposing paddy land, special-use forest land, protection forest land, and production forest land to agricultural land of other types;
b/ Repurposing agricultural land to non-agricultural land;
c/ Repurposing land of other types to land for concentrated livestock production when implementing large-scale livestock production projects;
d/ Repurposing non-agricultural land allocated by the State without collection of land use levy to other types of non-agricultural land that is to be allocated by the State with collection of land use levy or leased;
dd/ Repurposing non-agricultural land other than residential land to residential land;
e/ Repurposing land for construction of non-business works or land used for public interests with business purposes to non-agricultural production and business land;
g/ Repurposing land for non-agricultural production and business activities other than land for trade or service activities to land for trade and service activities.
2. When repurposing land under Clause 1 of this Article, land users shall fulfill financial obligations in accordance with law; land use regime, and rights and obligations of land users shall apply based on the type of land after repurposing.
3. The land repurposing in cases other than those specified in Clause 1 of this Article does not require permission from competent state agencies.
For those using land originating from residential land or non-agricultural land with long-term use duration in accordance with law that has been repurposed to land of other types, if they wish to repurpose such land back to residential land and such repurposing conforms with land-use mater plans, they will not have to pay land use levy.
4. The land repurposing specified in this Article must comply with Article 124 of this Law.
Article 122.
Conditions for land allocation, land lease and grant of permission for land repurposing
1. Competent state agencies may only decide to allocate, lease or permit the repurposing of paddy land, special-use forest land, protection forest land and production forest land after provincial-level People’s Councils issue resolutions thereon and the grounds specified in Article 116 of this Law are available, except cases of using land to implement projects subject to investment policy approval or decision by the National Assembly or Prime Minister as prescribed by the Law on Investment, Law on Public Investment, Law on Investment in the Form of Public-Private Partnership, or Law on Oil and Gas; or by provincial-level People’s Councils as prescribed in the Law on Public Investment or the Law on Investment in the Form of Public-Private Partnership.
The repurposing of paddy land, special-use forest land, protection forest land or production forest land must comply with the criteria and conditions prescribed by the Government.
2. Persons who are allocated land, leased land, or granted permission for land repurposing to implement investment projects must meet the following conditions:
a/ Having made a deposit or making other forms of security as prescribed by the law on investment;
b/ Having financial capacity to ensure land use’s conformity with the project implementation progress and meeting other conditions as prescribed by law;
c/ Not violating the land law or having violated the land law but having completely served the legally effective decisions or rulings of competent agencies at the time of application for land allocation, land lease, or permission for land repurposing. The identification of land users violating the land law shall apply to all land parcels currently in use throughout the country.
3. The grant of permission for land repurposing for implementation of commercial housing investment projects must meet the following conditions:
a/ The conditions specified in Clause 2 of this Article;
b/ The applicants for grant of permission for land repurposing by the State have the right to use residential land or residential land and land of other types;
c/ Ensuring conformity with local land-use master plans and plans, construction master plans, urban master plans, and housing development programs and plans and not falling into the cases of land recovery by the State for national defense or security purposes or land recovery for socio-economic development for national interests or public interests specified in Article 78 and Article 79 of this Law;
d/ Having obtained an investment policy approval-cum-investor approval from a competent agency in accordance with the law on investment.
Article 123.
Competence to allocate land, lease land and permit land repurposing
1. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall decide on land allocation, land lease and grant of permission for land repurposing in the following cases:
a/ Allocating land, leasing land or granting permission for land repurposing to domestic organizations;
b/ Allocating land and leasing land to religious organizations and dependent religious organizations;
c/ Allocating land and leasing land to people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested economic organizations;
d/ Leasing land to foreign organizations with diplomatic functions.
2. District-level People’s Committees shall decide on land allocation, land lease and grant of permission for land repurposing in the following cases:
a/ Allocating land, leasing land or granting permission for land repurposing to individuals. In case of leasing land to individuals or granting permission for repurposing of agricultural land for commercial or service purposes with an area of ​​0.5 hectare or more, it is required to obtain a written approval from the provincial-level People’s Committee before making decision;
b/ Allocating land to residential communities.
3. Commune-level People’s Committees shall lease land from the source of agricultural land for use for community interests of communes, wards and townships.
4. The state agencies competent to allocate land, lease land, and grant permission for land repurposing specified in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article are agencies competent to decide on adjustment and extension of land use period for cases in which land users have been granted decisions on land allocation, land lease or permission for land repurposing before the effective date of this Law and cases in which land allocation, land lease or permission for land repurposing is decided in accordance with this Law.
5. The competent state agencies specified in Clauses 1, 2 and 4 of this Article may not decentralize or authorize others to exercise their powers.
Article 124.
Cases of land allocation or land lease without auction of land use rights or without bidding to select investors to implement land-using projects
1. The cases of land allocation without collection of land use levy specified in Article 118 of this Law, the cases of land allocation with collection of land use levy specified in Article 119 that are exempt from land use levy, and the cases of land lease specified in Article 120 that are exempt from land rental, except cases in which relevant specialized laws require determination of the number of investors expressing interest.
2. Land allocation or land lease to implement projects in the cases of land recovery by the State specified in Article 79 of this Law and falling into one of the following cases:
a/ Using public investment capital in accordance with the law on public investment;
b/ Implementing investment projects by the mode of public-private partnership in accordance with the law on investment in the form of public-private partnership.
3. Land allocation with collection of land use levy or land lease in the following cases:
a/ Allocating residential land to cadres; civil servants; public employees; in-service officers; professional soldiers; civil servants, workers and public employees of the national defense forces; officers, non-commissioned officers and workers of the public security forces; and people engaged in cipher work and people performing other jobs in cipher organizations who are salaried by the state budget but have not been allocated residential land or houses;
b/ Allocating residential land to teachers and health workers working in border and island communes in areas with difficult socio-economic conditions or areas with extremely difficult socio-economic conditions who do not have residential land or houses in localities where they are working or have not received housing support under policies prescribed by the housing law;
c/ Allocating residential land to individuals permanently residing in communes who do not have residential land and have not been allocated residential land by the State or received housing support under policies prescribed by the housing law;
d/ Allocating residential land to individuals permanently residing in townships in areas with difficult socio-economic conditions or areas with extremely difficult socio-economic conditions who do not have residential land and have not been allocated residential land by the State;
dd/ Leasing land for use as production and business premises to people who are entitled to land lease by the State with annual payment of land rental but had to be relocated from the old locations due to environmental pollution in accordance with law; providing support for land lease for continuation of production and business activities in case of land recovery for non-agricultural production establishments from current land users;
e/ Leasing land to individuals who need to use agricultural land areas exceeding the allocated quotas specified in Article 176 of this Law; or leasing land to ethnic minority people according to Point d, Clause 2 and Point b, Clause 3, Article 16 of this Law;
g/ Leasing land to public non-business units that choose the form of land lease;
h/ Leasing land to foreign organizations with diplomatic functions to build working offices;
i/ Leasing land to units of the people’s armed forces for agricultural production, forestry, aquaculture and salt making, or for agricultural production, forestry, aquaculture and salt making combined with performance of national defense and security tasks;
k/ Leasing land for mineral activities, for those having licensed to conduct mineral activities by competent state agencies;
l/ Allocating or leasing land to organizations, households, individuals, and people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad who are entitled to compensation in land in accordance with this Law and other relevant laws in case they are entitled to resettlement support in accordance with this Law;
m/ Allocating or leasing land to land users whose land for production and business activities is recovered in accordance with Article 78 and Article 79 of this Law, but at the time of land recovery, the land use period has not yet expired and the land users wish to use land in other locations to continue production and business activities;
n/ Allocating or leasing small, narrow and interspersed land parcels according to the Government’s regulations;
o/ Allocating or leasing land according to competent agencies’ legally effective decisions on resolution of land-related disputes or complaints;
p/ Other cases decided by the Prime Minister.
4. Land users that repurpose their land in the cases specified in Article 121 of this Law.
5. Land allocation and land lease to implement projects falling into the cases of land recovery by the State as specified in Article 79 of this Law without using capital under Clause 2 of this Article in case there are investors expressing interest in the projects but only one investor meets the conditions stated in the invitation for expression of interest, for projects subject to determination of the number of investors expressing interest in accordance with the bidding law and relevant specialized laws.
6. Cases in which auction of land use rights has been organized twice but both auctions are unsuccessful as specified at Point b, Clause 6, Article 125 of this Law or there is no participant in the auction. In this case, land shall be allocated or leased only within 12 months from the date of the second auction.
7. Foreign-invested economic organizations that acquire real estate projects in accordance with the law on real estate business.
8. The Government shall provide in detail land allocation and land lease in the cases specified in this Article.
Article 125.
Land allocation and land lease through auction of land use rights
1. The State shall allocate land with collection of land use levy and lease land with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period through auction of land use rights in the following cases:
a/ Investment projects using land from the land fund specified in Clause 1, Article 217 of this Law, except the cases specified in Articles 124 and 126 of this Law;
b/ Allocating residential land to individuals, except the cases specified in Article 124 of this Law.
2. Conditions for conducting an auction of land use rights are as follows:
a/ Land has been recovered and compensation, support and resettlement work has been completed or compensation, support and resettlement work is not required; the land parcels put for auction are located in areas with connected transport infrastructure;
b/ The land parcels put for auction are included in approved district-level annual land use plans for the purpose of auctioning land use rights, except cases of auctioning land use rights for the land specified at Point e, Clause 1, Article 217 of this Law;
c/ There are 1:500 detailed master plans formulated and approved by competent state agencies, for housing investment projects;
d/ There are plans on auction of land use rights approved by competent agencies.
3. Organizations participating in auction of land use rights in the cases specified in Clause 1 of this Article must fully meet the following conditions:
a/ Being eligible for land allocation or land lease by the State as specified in Article 119 and Article 120 of this Law;
b/ Meeting the conditions specified in Article 122 of this Law, in case of land allocation or land lease to implement investment projects; having capacity and experience in project development;
c/ Other conditions as prescribed by the law on asset auction.
4. Individuals participating in auction of land use rights must meet the following conditions:
a/ Being entitled to land allocation or land lease by the State as specified in Articles 119 and 120 of this Law;
b/ Meeting the conditions prescribed by the law on asset auction.
5. Provincial- and district-level People’s Committees have the following responsibilities:
a/ Every year, to publicize plans on auction of land use rights and lists of land areas put for auction of land use rights on the National Land-Use Rights Auction Portal and their portals;
b/ To organize the formulation and implementation of plans on recovery, compensation, support and resettlement in accordance with this Law to serve the auction of land use rights;
c/ To organize the formulation and implementation of plans on auction of land use rights;
d/ To direct the handover of land on the ground, and certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to winners of land use rights auctions.
6. Cases of unsuccessful auctions of land use rights include:
a/ Cases of unsuccessful auctions as prescribed by the Law on Asset Auction;
b/ The registration deadline has expired but there is only one person registering for participation in the auction;
c/ There are more than one person registering for participation in the auction but only one person participates in the auction or there are more than one person participating in the auction but only one person makes a bid or there are more than one person making a bid but only one bid is valid.
7. The order and procedures for auction of land use rights must comply with the law on asset auction.
8. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 126.
Land allocation and land lease through bidding to select investors to implement land-using investment projects
1. The State shall allocate land with collection of land use levy or lease land through bidding to select investors to implement land-using investment projects for:
a/ The projects specified in Clause 27, Article 79 of this Law for which provincial-level People’s Councils decide to allocate or lease land through bidding to select investors to implement land-using investment projects.
Provincial-level People’s Councils shall specify criteria for deciding to organize bidding to select investors to implement land-using investment projects in accordance with local realities;
b/ Land-using investment projects falling into the case of land recovery by the State specified in Article 79 of this Law and not falling into the case specified at Point a of this Clause but subject to organization of bidding to select investors in accordance with relevant specialized laws.
2. Parts of land areas put for bidding to select investors to implement land-using investment projects are subject to recovery by the State as specified in Article 79 of this Law. In case the land areas where projects are to be implemented cover the parts of land specified in Clause 1, Article 217 of this Law, the State shall recover the whole land areas for land allocation or land lease through bidding to select investors to implement land-using projects.
3. Conditions for bidding to select investors to implement a land-using investment project specified at Point a, Clause 1 of this Article are as follows:
a/ The land area where the project is to be implemented is on the list of land areas put for bidding for land-using investment projects decided by the provincial-level People’s Council;
b/ There is a detailed master plan or a 1:2,000 zoning master plan approved by a competent agency;
c/ The conditions prescribed by the bidding law.
4. Land-using investment projects specified at Point b, Clause 1 of this Article must meet the conditions for bidding to select investors specified in Clause 3 of this Article and other conditions as prescribed by relevant specialized laws.
5. Organizations participating in bidding to select investors to implement land-using investment projects must meet the following conditions:
a/ Being eligible for land allocation or land lease by the State as specified in Articles 119 and 120 of this Law;
b/ The conditions specified in Article 122 of this Law, in case of land allocation or land lease to implement investment projects;
c/ The conditions prescribed by the bidding law.
6. Foreign investors participating in bidding to select investors to implement land-using investment projects must meet the conditions specified at Points b and c, Clause 5 of this Article; if winning the bidding, they will have to establish economic organizations so as to be allocated or leased land to implement projects under the Government’s regulations in accordance with the investment law, bidding law and other relevant laws.
7. Provincial-level People’s Committees have the following responsibilities:
a/ To publicize plans on organization of, and lists of land areas put for, bidding for land-using investment projects in accordance with this Law;
b/ To organize the formulation of detailed master plans unless there are 1:2,000 zoning maser plans;
c/ To organize the formulation and implementation of compensation, support, resettlement and land recovery plans in accordance with this Law;
d/ To allocate or lease land to bid-winning investors or economic organizations established by bid-winning investors under the Government’s regulations for the latter to implement projects in accordance with the commitments in contracts signed between bid-winning investors and competent agencies, provided the conditions prescribed by the investment law, bidding law and other relevant laws are met; to determine land prices for calculation of land use levy or land rental for investors to fulfill financial obligations to the State.
8. Within 36 months from the date of issuance of decisions on recognition of bid-winning results or another time limit as stated in contracts signed with competent state agencies, competent People’s Committees shall complete compensation, support and resettlement work for land allocation or land lease.
The organizations allocated or leased land specified in Clause 6 and at Point d, Clause 7 of this Article shall advance capital to carry out compensation, support and resettlement at the request of competent state agencies on the basis of approved compensation, support and resettlement plans; past 6 months after receiving a request from competent state agencies, if the organizations fail to advance sufficient capital for compensation, support and resettlement work, competent state agencies shall decide to cancel the bid-winning result.
9. The order and procedures for bidding to select investors to implement land-using projects must comply with the bidding law.
10. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 127.
Use of land to implement socio-economic development projects through negotiation on acquisition of land use rights or in case land use rights are currently held
1. The use of land to implement socio-economic development projects through negotiation on acquisition of land use rights shall be applied in the following cases:
a/ Cases of implementation of projects other than the cases of land recovery specified in Article 79 of this Law;
b/ In case of using land to implement commercial housing investment projects, it is only permitted to negotiate on acquisition of residential land use rights;
c/ Cases in which state budget funds are not used and which fall into the cases of land recovery specified in Article 79 of this Law but investors choose to negotiate on acquisition of land use rights and do not propose land recovery.
2. Land areas eligible for negotiation on acquisition of land use rights to implement socio-economic development projects must have been allocated or leased by the State to land users or land use rights have been recognized by the State for land users; in case the land parcel to implement a project specified in Clause 1 of this Article covers a land area managed by a state agency or organization which, however, cannot be divided into an independent project, the land area managed by such state agency or organization shall be included in the total land area to serve the formulation of the project and recovered by the State for allocation or lease to the investor to implement the project without having to organize auction of land use rights or bidding to select investors to implement land-using projects.
3. Conditions for use of land to implement a socio-economic development project through negotiation on acquisition of land use rights specified in Clause 1 of this Article are as follows:
a/ The project must conform with district-level land-use master plans approved and announced;
b/ The project owner must meet the conditions specified in Article 122 of this Law; in case of using land to implement commercial housing investment projects, it is permitted to negotiate on acquisition of residential land use rights;
c/ The provincial-level People’s Committees has issued a written approval of negotiation on acquisition of land use rights to implement the project.
4. The State shall adopt policies to promote negotiation on acquisition of land use rights to implement socio-economic development projects in the cases specified in Clause 1 of this Article, specifically as follows:
a/ Households and individuals that use land and have not been granted a certificate of land use rights, certificate of house ownership and residential land use rights, certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets, or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets but meet the conditions for issuance of a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets may transfer land use rights, lease or sublease land use rights, or contribute land use rights as capital to implement projects;
b/ In case an investor has acquired land use rights to implement a project but, by the time the land use period expires, the investor has yet to complete land-related procedures to implement the project, the investor may continue carrying out procedures to implement the project without having to carry out procedures for extension of the land use period.
5. Cases of negotiating on acquisition of land use rights to continue production and business activities without land repurposing must comply with this Law’s provisions on transfer of land use rights.
6. In case a person who currently holds land use rights proposes an investment project, which falls into the case specified in Article 79 of this Law but conforms with the land-use master plan, and applies for permission for land repurposing and has his/her investment policy approved by a competent state agency concurrently with investor approval according to the investment law, he/she may use land to implement the investment project without land recovery by the State in accordance with this Law.
In case a person who currently holds the right to use residential land or residential land and land of other types proposes a commercial housing investment project in conformity with land-use master plans and applies for permission for land repurposing and has his/her investment policy approved by a competent state agency concurrently with investor approval according to the investment law, he/she may use land to implement the investment project.
7. The Government shall detail this Article.
Chapter X
LAND REGISTRATION, ISSUANCE OF CERTIFICATES OF LAND USE RIGHTS AND OWNERSHIP OF LAND-ATTACHED ASSETS
Section 1
CADASTRAL DOSSIERS
Article 128.
Principles of making, revision and updating of cadastral dossiers
1. Cadastral dossiers shall be made by land parcel, ensuring scientificity and consistency of information in dossiers with the status quo of land management and use; and gathered by commune-level administrative unit or district-level administrative unit, for localities where commune-level administrative units are not established.
2. Cadastral dossiers shall be revised and updated fully and promptly when land users carry out land-related administrative procedures or at the request of competent state agencies, ensuring that they fully reflect the situation of land management and use in localities.
Article 129.
Cadastral dossiers
1. Cadastral dossiers comprise documents showing detailed information about each land parcel, persons assigned to manage land, land users, owners of land-attached assets, and the legal status of land parcels and land-attached assets, fully reflecting the situation of land management and use in localities.
2. Cadastral dossiers shall be formulated in digital form, comprising the following documents:
a/ Cadastral map;
b/ Land inventory book;
c/ Cadastral book;
d/ Copies of the following certificates: certificate of land use rights, certificate of house ownership and residential land use rights, certificate of house ownership, certificate of ownership of construction works, certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets, and certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets.
3. Cadastral dossiers shall be used:
a/ As a land management tool;
b/ To protect the rights and determine the obligations of land users, persons assigned to manage land, owners of land-attached assets, and related organizations and individuals in accordance with the land law;
c/ To determine financial revenues from land;
d/ To monitor fluctuations in the land use rights market;
dd/ To support land users in accessing credit capital;
e/ To support sectors and authorities in directing, administering, formulating, organizing, and supervising the implementation of master plans and developing infrastructure;
g/ To provide information to competent agencies in resolving disputes related to land use rights and land-attached assets;
h/ To provide information to organizations and individuals wishing to access land.
Article 130.
Responsibilities for making, revising, updating, managing and exploiting cadastral dossiers
1. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall direct the formulation of cadastral dossiers in their localities and allocate funds for implementation.
2. Agencies with land management functions shall organize the making of cadastral dossiers; and inspect and supervise the revision and updating of cadastral dossiers in their localities on a regular basis.
3. Land registration organizations shall make and revise cadastral dossiers and update changes in cadastral dossiers.
For localities that have not yet built land databases, land registration organizations shall provide copies of cadastral dossiers to commune-level People’s Committees for use.
4. Civil servants in charge of cadastral work at the commune level shall manage and use information from cadastral dossiers to perform jobs in service of state management of land in their localities and at the request of citizens; update land information changes with regard to changes falling within their competence and reflect violations in land management and use into cadastral dossiers.
5. The Minister of Natural Resources and Environment shall provide cadastral dossiers and guide the making, revision, updating, management, exploitation, use, inspection and supervision of cadastral dossiers.
Section 2
REGISTRATION OF LAND AND LAND-ATTACHED ASSETS
Article 131.
Principles for registration of land and land-attached assets
1. Land registration is mandatory for land users and persons allocated land for management.
2. Land-attached assets that are houses and construction works shall be registered at the request of their owners.
3. Registration of land and land-attached assets includes first-time registration and registration of changes and shall be carried out in the form of paper registration or electronic registration, which have the same legal validity.
4. Land users, owners of land-attached assets, and persons allocated land for management that have made declaration and registration shall have their names inscribed in cadastral dossiers and considered for issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets as long as they fully meet the conditions prescribed by this Law.
5. The Government shall provide in detail the registration of land and land-attached assets.
Article 132.
First-time registration
1. First-time registration of land and land-attached assets shall be carried out for:
a/ Land parcels that are currently in use but have not been registered;
b/ Land parcels that are allocated or leased by the State for use;
c/ Land parcels that are allocated for management but have not been registered;
d/ Land-attached assets that need to be registered at the same time as land registration in the cases specified at Points a, b and c of this Clause.
2. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall direct the dissemination of and public communication about, and organize the first-time registration for land and land-attached assets not yet registered.
Article 133.
Registration of changes
1. Registration of changes shall be carried out for land and land-attached assets for which a certificate of land use rights or certificate of house ownership and residential land use rights or certificate of house ownership or certificate of ownership of construction works or certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets or certificate of land use rights and ownership land-related assets has been issued and which undergo changes in the following cases:
a/ Land users and owners of land-attached assets exercise the rights to convert, transfer, bequeath or donate land use rights and land-attached assets; contribute land use rights and land-attached assets as capital; lease or sublease rights to use land under projects on construction and commercial operation of infrastructure facilities; or transfer land-using projects;
b/ Land users and owners of land-attached assets are allowed to change their names;
c/ Changes of information on land users and owners of land-attached assets on the issued certificates other than the case specified at Point b of this Clause;
d/ Change of boundaries, boundary markers, side dimensions, area, number signs and addresses of land parcels;
dd/ Registration of ownership of assets attached to land parcels for which a certificate of land use rights or certificate of house ownership and residential land use rights or certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets has been issued; registration of changes in land-attached assets compared to registered contents;
e/ Land repurposing specified in Clause 1, Article 121 of this Law; the cases specified in Clause 3, Article 121 of this Law in which land users wish to register changes;
g/ Change in the land use period;
h/ Change in the form of land allocation, land lease, or payment of land use levy or land rental in accordance with this Law;
i/ Change of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets due to division, splitting, consolidation, merger or transformation of organizational model or under agreement among household members or between husband and wife or among land co-users or co-owners of land-attached assets;
k/ Change of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets according to results of successful conciliation of land-related disputes as recognized by competent People’s Committees; debt-handling agreements in mortgage contracts; competent state agencies’ decisions on resolution of land-related disputes, complaints and denunciations; court judgments and rulings, executed judgment enforcement decisions of judgment enforcement agencies; the Vietnamese Commercial Arbitration’s decisions or rulings on resolution of disputes between parties arising from land-related commercial activities; or documents recognizing the results of auctions of land use rights in conformity with law;
l/ Establishment, change or termination of rights to adjacent land parcels;
m/ Change in restrictions on the rights of land users;
n/ Change in the rights to use land to build above-ground works to serve the operation, exploitation and use of underground works, and ownership of underground works;
o/ Land users and owners of land-attached assets request renewal or re-issuance of certificates of land use rights or certificates of house ownership and residential land use rights or certificates of house ownership or certificates of ownership of construction works or certificates of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets or certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets;
p/ Land users and owners of land-attached assets exercise the right to mortgage land use rights and land-attached assets;
q/ Sale of assets, or rotation and transfer of land use rights that are public assets according to the law on management and use of public assets.
2. In the cases of registration of changes specified in Clause 1 of this Article, competent agencies shall make confirmation of the changes on the issued certificates or issue new certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets if land users and owners of land-attached assets so wish. In the case of registration of changes specified at Point p, Clause 1 of this Article, competent agencies shall make confirmation of the changes on the issued certificates.
3. In the cases of registration of changes specified at Points a, b, i, k, l, m and q, Clause 1 of this Article, within 30 days from the date of occurrence of the changes, land users shall register changes at competent authorities; in case of judgment enforcement, the time limit for registering changes shall be calculated from the date of handover of assets for judgment enforcement or to-be-auctioned assets; in case of inheritance of land use rights, the time limit for registering changes shall be calculated from the date of completion of division of land use rights being inheritances in accordance with the civil law or from the date the court’s judgment or ruling comes into force.
Section 3
ISSUANCE OF CERTIFICATES OF LAND USE RIGHTS AND OWNERSHIP OF LAND-ATTACHED ASSETS
Article 134.
Certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets
1. Certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued to holders of land use rights, house ownership and ownership of land-attached construction works according to a uniform form to be applied nationwide.
2. The Minister of Natural Resources and Environment shall provide certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets.
Article 135.
Principles of issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets
1. Certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued for land parcels to persons holding land use rights and owners of land-attached assets if they so wish and fully meet the conditions prescribed in this Law. In case a land user is currently using more than one agricultural land parcel in the same commune, ward or township, it/he/she shall be issued 1 certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for these land parcels if required.
2. In case more than one person holds the rights to use a land parcel or more than one person owns a land-attached asset, each person shall be issued a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets; if required by persons sharing land use rights or ownership of land-attached assets, competent agencies shall issue 1 certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for them and hand it over to the representative of such persons.
3. Certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be only issued after land users and owners of land-attached assets fulfill their financial obligations in accordance with law.
In case land users and owners of land-attached assets are not liable to, are exempted from, or entitled to owe, financial obligations, they shall be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets after competent agencies determine that the land users or owners of land-attached assets are not liable to, exempted from, or entitled to owe, financial obligations; in case of land lease with annual payment of land rental, certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued after competent agencies issue land lease decisions or sign land lease contracts.
In case a land user donates land use rights to the State or donates land use rights to the residential community for construction of works in the common interests of the community or for expansion of roads according to master plans or donates land use rights for construction of land-attached gratitude houses, charity houses or solidarity houses in accordance with law, the State shall arrange funds for measurement, revision and updating of cadastral dossiers and issue a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to the land user in accordance with this Law; the land user shall not be required to bear expenses in this case.
4. In case land use rights or land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets or ownership of land-attached assets are/is common property of husband and wife, both husband and wife’s full names shall be inscribed in the certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, unless the husband and wife have agreed to inscribe the name of one of them in the certificate.
In case land use rights or land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets or ownership of land-attached assets are/is common property of husband and wife and the issued certificate of land use rights, certificate of ownership of houses and residential land use rights, certificate of house ownership, certificate of ownership of construction works, certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets, or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets is only inscribed with the full name of the husband or wife, it will be changed to a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets with the full names of both the husband and wife if required.
5. In case a land parcel belongs to the household, the household will be issued 1 certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets with the full names of all household members sharing the land use rights and such certificate will be hand over to the household representative. If required by household members sharing the land use rights, they will be issued 1 certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets with the name of the household’s representative inscribed therein and such certificate shall be handed over to the household representative.
Household members shall themselves decide on the determination of household members sharing land use rights who will have their names inscribed in the certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets and take responsibility before law for their decision.
6. In case there is a difference in land area between the actual measurement data and the data recorded in the documents specified in Article 137 of this Law or the issued certificate of land use rights or certificate of house ownership and residential land use rights or certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, but there is no change in the boundaries of the land parcel currently in use compared to the boundaries of the land parcel at the time of obtaining the land use rights document, certificate of land use rights, certificate of house ownership and residential land use rights, certificate of land use rights, certificate of land use rights and ownership of house and other land-attached assets, or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, and there is no dispute with users of adjacent land parcels, when issuing or renewing a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, the land area shall be determined based on the actual measurement data.
After re-measured, if the boundaries of the land parcel change compared to its boundaries at the time of obtaining the land use rights document or the issued certificate of land use rights, certificate of house ownership and residential land use rights, certificate of land use rights, ownership of houses and other land-attached assets, or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, and the land area according to the actual measurement data is larger than the area recorded in the land use rights document or the issued certificate of land use rights, certificate of house ownership and residential land use rights, certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets, or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, the positive difference will be considered for issuance of a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets.
In case a certificate of land use rights, certificate of house ownership and residential land use rights, certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets, or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets has been issued but the land parcel’s location is incorrect, competent agencies shall review and renew the certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to the land user.
7. The Government shall provide in detail the issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, the re-determination of residential land area and the correction, revocation and cancellation of certificates already issued.
Article 136.
Competence to issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets
1. The competence to issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for the first time in the cases of first-time registration in which land users and owners of land-attached assets apply for certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, and in the case specified at Point b, Clause 7, Article 219 of this Law is provided as follows:
a/ Provincial-level People’s Committees may issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to land users and owners of land-attached assets specified in Clauses 1, 2, 5, 6 and 7, Article 4 of this Law.
Provincial-level People’s Committees may authorize same-level agencies with the land management function to issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets in the cases specified in this Clause;
b/ District-level People’s Committees may issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to land users and owners of land-attached assets specified in Clauses 3 and 4, Article 4 of this Law.
2. The competence to issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets and certify changes in case of registration of changes is provided as follows:
a/ Land registration organizations may issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets and certify changes in case of registration of changes to/for domestic organizations, religious organizations, dependent religious organizations, foreign organizations with diplomatic functions, and foreign-invested economic organizations; and issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to owners of land-attached assets being foreign organizations or foreign individuals;
b/ Land registration organizations’ branches or land registration organizations may issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets and certify changes in case of registration of changes to/for land users and owners of land-attached assets being individuals, residential communities or people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad;
c/ Land registration organizations and land registration organizations’ branches may use their seals for issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets or certification of changes in the issued certificates.
Article 137.
Issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to households, individuals and residential communities currently using land with land use rights documents
1. Households and individuals that currently use land stably and possess one of the following documents made before October 15, 1993, may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets without having to pay land use levy:
a/ Land use rights documents issued by competent agencies in the process of implementing the land policy of the Democratic Republic State of Vietnam, the Provisional Revolutionary Government of the Republic of South Vietnam or the State of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam;
b/ One of the land use rights documents issued by a competent authority of the former regime to land users, including: land title document; document on sale of real estate, certified by an agency under the former regime; document on purchase and sale, donation, exchange or inheritance of the residential land-attached house, certified by an agency under the former regime; testament or written agreement on division of the house inheritance, certified by an agency under the former regime; permit for house construction or permit recognizing lawful architecture of house, issued by an agency under the former regime; and effective judgment of a court under the former regime;
c/ Temporary certificates of land use rights issued by competent state agencies; or land users having their names stated in the Land Register or Cadastral Book;
d/ Documents on transfer of land use rights or purchase and sale of residential land-attached houses, and commune-level People’s Committees certify that land users had used such land since before October 15, 1993;
dd/ Land inventory books and land certificates made before December 18, 1980, that bear names of land users;
e/ One of documents made during the process of land registration under the Prime Minister’s Directive No. 299/TTg of November 10, 1980, on measurement, classification and registration of land nationwide currently under the management by state agencies, that bear the names of land users, including: minutes of approval of the commune-level land registration council, determining that the current land user is lawful; list of lawful land use cases made by the commune-level People’s Committee or commune-level land registration council or district- or provincial-level land management agency; application for registration of land use rights; and document certifying registration of land use rights issued to the land user by the commune-, district- or provincial-level People’s Committee;
g/ Documents on house declaration and registration bearing certification by commune-, district- or provincial-level People’s Committees, which indicate the area of land with houses thereon;
h/ Documents of units of the national defense forces on allocation of land to officers and soldiers for house construction in accordance with the Minister of National Defense’s Directive No. 282/CT-QP of July 11, 1991, provided that such land allocation conforms with the master plan on use of land for building houses for officers and soldiers included in the approved master plan on land for national defense purposes at the time of land allocation;
i/ Projects or lists or documents on people’s migration to build new economic zones or on people relocation for resettlement, approved by district- or provincial-level People Committees or competent agencies, which bear names of land users;
k/ Documents having contents on ownership of houses and works; documents on construction and repair of houses and works, certified or permitted by district- or provincial-level People’s Committees or state management agencies in charge of housing or construction;
l/ Documents on temporary allocation of land issued by district- or provincial-level People’s Committees; written requests for land use approved by commune-level People’s Committees or agricultural cooperatives before July 1, 1980, or approved by district- or provincial-level People’s Committees;
m/ Documents issued by competent state agencies on allocation of land to agencies and organizations for arrangement of land to their cadres, workers and employees for construction of houses on their own or for construction of houses to be distributed to their cadres, workers and employees with non-state budget funds or contributions of such cadres, workers and employees;
n/ Other land use rights documents issued before October 15, 1993, as specified by provincial-level People’s Committees suitable to local realities.
2. For households and individuals currently using land and possessing documents issued by state-run agricultural and forest farms on allocation of land for construction of houses or construction of houses combined with agricultural and forestry production before July 1, 2004, they may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets without having to pay land use levy.
3. Households and individuals that currently use land stably and possess one of the following documents may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets without having to pay land use levy:
a/ Lawful documents on inheritance or donation of land use rights or land-attached assets; documents on handover of land-attached gratitude houses, charity houses or solidarity houses;
b/ Documents on liquidation of residential land-attached houses or documents on purchase of state-owned houses in accordance with law.
4. For households and individuals that currently use land and possess documents on land allocation or land lease by the State in accordance with law in the period from October 15, 1993, to before the effective date of this Law but have yet to be issued certificates of land use rights, certificates of house ownership and residential land use rights, certificates of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets, or certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, they may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets; if having not yet paid land use levy, they shall pay it in accordance with law.
5. For households and individuals that currently use land free from dispute- and possess one of the documents specified in Clauses 1, 2, 3 and 4 of this Article and such documents bear the names of other persons and are accompanied by documents on transfer of land use rights but, by the effective date of this Law, they have yet to carry out procedures for transfer of land use rights in accordance with law, they may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets and shall perform financial obligations in accordance with law.
6. For households, individuals and residential communities that are allowed to use land pursuant to court judgments or rulings, or arbitral awards of the Vietnamese Commercial Arbitration, judgment enforcement decisions of judgment enforcement agencies, or competent state agencies’ decisions on settlement of land-related disputes, complaints or denunciations that have been executed, or documents recognizing results of the successful conciliation, they may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets and shall perform financial obligations accordance with law.
7. For households and individuals that have a copy of one of the documents specified in Clauses 1 thru 6 of this Article but the original document is lost and state agencies no longer preserve dossiers on management of the issuance of documents of this type, and commune-level People’s Committees of localities where exists the land certify that the land is used stably and is dispute-free, they may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets and shall fulfill financial obligations in accordance with law.
8. In case the current land user possesses one of the documents specified in Clauses 1 thru 7 of this Article and such document states different dates, the land user may choose one date for use as a basis for issuance of a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets.
9. For residential communities currently using land under communal houses, temples, shrines, hermitages, ancestral temples or other belief works; land under pagodas not specified in Clause 1, Article 213 of this Law; or agricultural land specified in Clause 4, Article 178 of this Law, that is dispute-free and bears a written certification by commune-level People’s Committees of localities where exists the land that the land is used commonly for residential communities, they may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets.
Article 138.
Issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to households and individuals currently using land without land use rights documents but having not committed violations of the land law and not falling into cases of
ultra vires
land allocation
The issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to households and individuals that currently use land stably but do not possess one of the land use rights documents specified in Article 137 of this Law and do not fall into the cases specified in Articles 139 and 140 of this Law is provided as follows:
1. For households and individuals that had used land since before December 18, 1980, and such land is now certified by commune-level People’s Committees of localities where exists such land as dispute-free, they may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets as follows:
a/ For a land parcel under houses or houses and works serving daily life which is equal to or larger than the residential land recognition quota specified in Clause 5, Article 141 of this Law, the residential land area to be recognized is equal to the residential land recognition quota, and the land user is not required to pay land use levy.
In case the land area with houses or houses and works thereon serving daily life is larger than the residential land recognition quota specified at this Point, the residential land area to be recognized is the actual area on which such houses or houses and works have been constructed; the land user shall pay land use levy for the land area that exceeds the residential land recognition quota specified at this Point;
b/ For a land parcel with houses or houses and works thereon serving daily life which is smaller than the residential land recognition quota specified in Clause 5, Article 141 of this Law, the residential land area is the whole area of the land parcel and the land user is not required to pay land use levy;
c/ For a land parcel used for non-agricultural production and business, commercial or service purposes, the land area of non-agricultural production establishments or commercial or service land shall be recognized based on the actually used land area. The form of land use shall be recognized as land allocation with land use levy and long, stable land use period;
d/ The land area left after the determination is conducted under Points a and c of this Clause shall be determined based on the land use status quo.
In case the currently used land is non-agricultural land but not residential land, such land shall be recognized under Point c of this Clause.
In case the currently used land is agricultural land, such land shall be recognized in the form of land allocation by the State without land use levy. If the land user wishes such land to be recognized as non-agricultural land which is conformable with a district-level land-use master plan or general master plan or zoning master plan or construction master plan or master plan of rural areas, such land shall be recognized as non-agricultural land and the land user is required to pay land use levy in accordance with law;
2. For households and individuals that used land in the period from December 18, 1980, to before October 15, 1993, and such land is now certified by commune-level People’s Committees of localities where exists such land to be dispute-free, they may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets as follows:
a/ For a land parcel with houses or houses and works thereon serving daily life which is equal to or larger than the residential land recognition quota specified in Clause 5, Article 141 of this Law, the residential land area to be recognized is equal to the residential land recognition quota and the land user is not required to pay land use levy.
In case the land area with houses or houses and works thereon serving daily life is larger than the residential land recognition quota specified at this Point, the residential land area to be recognized is the actual area on which such houses or houses and works have been constructed; the land user shall pay land use levy for the land area that exceeds the residential land recognition quota specified at this Point;
b/ For a land parcel with houses or houses and works thereon serving daily life which is smaller than the residential land recognition quota specified in Clause 5, Article 141 of this Law, the residential land area is the whole area of the land parcel and the land user is not required to pay land use levy;
c/ For a land parcel used for non-agricultural production and business, commercial or service purposes, the land of non-agricultural production establishments or commercial or service land shall be recognized under Point c, Clause 1 of this Article;
d/ The land area left after the determination is conducted under Points a and c of this Clause shall be determined based on the land use status quo.
In case the currently used land is non-agricultural land but not residential land, such land shall be recognized under Point c of this Clause.
In case the currently used land is agricultural land, such land shall be recognized in the form of land allocation by the State without land use levy. If the land user wishes such land to be recognized as non-agricultural land that is conformable with a district-level land-use master plan or general master plan or zoning master plan or construction master plan or master plan of rural areas, such land may be recognized as non-agricultural land and the land user is required to pay land use levy in accordance with law;
3. For households and individuals that commenced using land in the period from October 15, 1993, to before July 1, 2014, and such land is now certified by commune-level People’s Committees of localities where exists such land to be dispute-free, they may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets as follows:
a/ For a land parcel with houses or houses and works thereon serving daily life which is equal to or larger than the residential land allocation quota specified in Clause 2, Article 195 and Clause 2, Article 196 of this Law, the residential land area to be recognized is equal to the residential land allocation quota. In case the land area with houses or houses and works thereon serving daily life is larger than the residential land allocation quota, the residential land area shall be recognized based on the actual area on which such houses or houses and works have been constructed;
b/ For a land parcel with houses or houses and works thereon serving daily life which is smaller than the residential land allocation quota specified in Clause 2, Article 195 and Clause 2, Article 196 of this Law, the whole area of such land parcel shall be recognized as residential land;
c/ For a land parcel used for non-agricultural production and business, commercial or service purposes, the land of non-agricultural production establishments or commercial or service land shall be recognized under Point c, Clause 1 of this Article;
d/ The land area left after the determination is conducted under Points a and c of this Clause shall be determined according to the land use status quo.
In case the currently used land is non-agricultural land but not residential land, such land shall be recognized under Point c of this Clause.
In case the currently used land is agricultural land, such land shall be recognized in the form of land allocation by the State without land use levy. If the land user wishes such land to be recognized as non-agricultural land which is conformable with a district-level land-use master plan or general master plan or zoning master plan or construction master plan or master plan of rural areas, such land may be recognized as non-agricultural land and the land user is required to pay land use levy in accordance with law;
dd/ Land users that are issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets specified in this Clause shall perform financial obligations in accordance with law;
4. In case a land parcel is under shared use by multiple households and individuals, the residential land quota specified in Clauses 1, 2 and 3 of this Article is equal to the total residential land quota for such households and individuals.
In case a household or an individual uses multiple land parcels with houses or houses and works thereon serving daily life and the concerned commune-level People’s Committee certifies that the household or individual has been using such land stably since before October 15, 1993, the residential land quota shall be determined under Clause 1, 2 or 3 of this Article for each land parcel;
5. For households and individuals that are eligible for agricultural land allocation specified in Clause 1, Article 118 of this Law and used residential land or non-agricultural land before July 1, 2014, but do not possess one of the documents specified in Article 137 of this Law, and have registered their permanent residence in localities in areas with difficult socio-economic conditions or extremely difficult socio-economic conditions, and such land is now certified by commune-level People’s Committees of localities where exists such land to be dispute-free, they may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets without having to pay land use levy. The land area to be determined upon issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets must comply with Clauses 1 thru 4 of this Article;
6. For households or individuals that currently use land stably as agricultural land, and such land is now certified by commune-level People’s Committees of the localities where exists such land to be dispute-free, they may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets in the form of land allocation by the State without land use levy for the land area currently in use but not exceeding the agricultural land allocation quota for individuals specified in Article 176 of this Law. The land use period shall be counted from the date of issuance of a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets. The agricultural land area left (if any) shall be shifted to the form of land lease from the State;
7. The application of local regulations on residential land quotas to determine residential land areas in the cases specified in Clauses 1 thru 5 of this Article must comply with regulations effective at the time land users submit dossiers for issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets;
8. Households and individuals that currently use land in the cases specified in Clauses 1 thru 6 of this Article but are ineligible for issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets may temporarily use land in its status quo until the State recovers the land and shall make land declaration and registration under regulations;
9. The State shall issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to subjects that have made registration land and fully meet the conditions specified in this Article;
10. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 139.
Handling of land-using households and individuals that committed violations of the land law before July 1, 2014
1. In case of use of encroached or occupied land of safety corridors of public works after the State announces and plants boundary markers of such safety corridors, or use of encroached or occupied land of roads, roadsides and pavements after the State announces construction boundaries, or use of encroached or occupied land for the construction of offices of agencies, non-business works or other public works, the State shall recover such land for return to these works without issuing certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for the encroached or occupied land area.
In case the adjustment of land-use master plans and construction master plans approved by competent state agencies makes the encroached or occupied land area no longer belong to safety corridors of public works; no longer lie within the construction boundaries of roads; or no longer be used for construction of offices of agencies, non-business works or other public works, the current land users may be considered for issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets and shall perform financial obligations in accordance with law.
2. Cases of use of encroached or occupied land of agricultural or forestry farms which has been allocated by the State without land use levy to subjects in different periods shall be handled as follows:
a/ In case of use of the encroached or occupied land area included in the forestry master plan, for special-use forests or protection forests, provincial-level People’s Committees shall direct the recovery of such land area for allocation to forest management boards for management and use. Persons currently using the encroached or occupied land may be considered by forest management boards for contractual assignment of forest land for forest protection and development in accordance with the forestry law. In case no forest management board exists, persons currently using the encroached or occupied land may be allocated land by the State for the purpose of protection and development of protection forests and considered for issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets;
b/ In case of use of the encroached or occupied land area included in the master plan on use of land for the construction of public infrastructure facilities, provincial-level People’s Committees shall direct the recovery of such land area for allocation to project owners for the construction of such facilities.
Persons currently using the encroached or occupied land may continue temporarily using such land until the State recovers the land but shall preserve the land use status quo and make land declaration and registration under regulations;
c/ In case the encroached or occupied land has been used for agricultural production or construction of houses since before July 1, 2014, is not included in the forestry master plan for special-use forests or protection forests, or not included in the master plan on use of land for construction of public infrastructure facilities, current land users may be considered for issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets and shall perform financial obligations in accordance with law.
3. Cases in which households and individuals currently use encroached or occupied land other than those specified in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article and cases of land use not for the purposes defined upon land allocation, land lease or land use rights recognition by the State shall be handled as follows:
a/ For subjects who currently use land stably in conformity with a district-level land-use master plan or general master plan or zoning master plan or construction master plan or master plan of rural areas, they may be considered for issuance of a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets and shall perform financial obligations in accordance with law;
b/ For cases other than those specified at Point a of this Clause, current land users may continue temporarily using such land until the State recovers the land but shall preserve the land use status quo and make land declaration and registration under regulations.
4. Households and individuals that currently use self-reclaimed agricultural land areas which are dispute-free may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets by the State based on agricultural land allocation quotas set by provincial-level People’s Committees. Land areas that exceed the quotas set by provincial-level People’s Committees shall be shifted to the form of land lease by the State.
5. Land-using households and individuals that violate the land law in the cases specified in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article on and after July 1, 2014, may not be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets by the State and shall be handled in accordance with law.
6. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 140.
Issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to households and individuals that currently use land allocated
ultra vires
For land allocated
ultra
vires
to households and individuals as specified in the land law at the time of land allocation or in case of use of land from purchase, liquidation or distribution of houses and construction works attached to land in contravention of law, the issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets is provided as follows:
1. In case the land has been stably used since before October 15, 1993, which is now certified by the commune-level People’s Committee of the locality where exists such land to be dispute-free, the current land users may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for the allocated land area under Clauses 2 and 6, Article 138 of this Law;
2. In case the land has been stably used in the period from October 15, 1993, to before July 1, 2004, which is now certified by the commune-level People’s Committee of the locality where exists such land to be dispute-free and is conformable with a district-level land-use master plan or general master plan or zoning master plan or construction master plan or master plan of rural areas, current land users may be issued a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets under Clauses 3 and 6, Article 138 of this Law;
3. In case the land has been stably used in the period from July 1, 2004, to before July 1, 2014, and is now certified by the commune-level People’s Committee of the locality where exists such land to be dispute-free and is conformable with a district-level land-use master plan or general master plan or zoning master plan or construction master plan or master plan of rural areas, the issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets is provided as follows:
a/ For a land parcel with houses or houses and works thereon serving daily life which is equal to or larger than the residential land allocation quota specified in Clause 2, Article 195 and Clause 2, Article 196 of this Law, the residential land area eligible for issuance of a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets is equal to the residential land allocation quota;
b/ For a land parcel with houses or houses and works thereon serving daily life which is smaller than the residential land allocation quota specified in Clause 2, Article 195 and Clause 2, Article 196 of this Law, the residential land area is the whole area of such land parcel;
c/ The land area left (if any) after the residential land area is determined under Point a of this Clause shall be recognized according to the land use status quo;
4. In case the land has been allocated in the period from July 1, 2014, to before the effective date of this Law, which is now certified by the commune-level People’s Committee of the locality where exists such land to be dispute-free and is conformable with the relevant land-use master plan, and the land users possess documents proving their payment of land use levy, the land quota eligible for issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be determined under Clause 3, Article 138 of this Law;
5. The State does not issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for land areas allocated or leased
ultra vires
on or after July 1, 2014, except the case specified in Clause 4 of this Article;
6. Land users that are issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets specified in Clauses 1, 2, 3 and 4 of this Article shall perform financial obligations in accordance with law;
7. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 141.
Determination of residential land areas upon recognition of land use rights
For households and individuals that currently use land and possess one of the land use rights documents specified in Clauses 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7, Article 137 of this Law, and such document indicates that the land is used for construction of houses, for use as residential land, the residential land area determined upon issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets is as follows:
1. For a land parcel formed before December 18, 1980, the land user is not required to pay land use levy for the land area which shall be determined as follows:
a/ In case the land parcel’s area is equal to or larger than the residential land recognition quota and the residential land area is indicated in the land use rights document, the residential land area shall be determined based on such document. In case the residential land area indicated in the land use rights document is smaller than the residential land recognition quota or is not indicated in the land use rights document, the residential land area shall be determined to be equal to the residential land recognition quota;
b/ In case the land parcel’s area is smaller than the residential land recognition quota, the whole area of such land parcel shall be determined as residential land;
2. For a land parcel formed in the period from December 18, 1980, to before October 15, 1993, the land user is not required to pay land use levy for the land area which shall be determined as follows:
a/ In case the land parcel’s area is equal to or larger than the residential land recognition quota and the residential land area is indicated in the land use rights document, the residential land area shall be determined based on such document. In case the residential land area indicated in the land use rights document is smaller than the residential land recognition quota or is not indicated in the land use rights document, the residential land area shall be determined to be equal to the residential land recognition quota;
b/ In case the land parcel’s area is smaller than the residential land recognition quota, the whole area of such land parcel shall be determined as residential land;
3. For land parcels formed in the period from October 15, 1993, to before the effective date of this Law, the residential land area shall be determined based on land use rights documents;
4. The land parcel’s area left after the residential land area is determined under Point a, Clause 1; Point a, Clause 2; and Clause 3, of this Article shall be handled as follows:
a/ In case houses or houses and works serving daily life have been constructed on such land area, such land shall be determined as residential land and the land user is required to pay land use levy in accordance with law;
b/ In case facilities for non-agricultural production and business, commercial or service purposes have been constructed on such land area, the land of the non-agricultural production establishments or commercial or service land shall be recognized based on the land area actually used for the construction. The form of land use shall be recognized as land allocation with land use levy and long and stable land use period;
c/ In case the currently used land is agricultural land, such land shall be recognized as agricultural land. If the land user wishes such land to be recognized as non-agricultural land that is conformable with a district-level land-use master plan or general master plan or zoning master plan or construction master plan or master plan of rural areas, such land may be recognized as non-agricultural land, and the land user is required to pay land use levy in accordance with law;
5. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall, based on local conditions and customs, specify the residential land recognition quotas specified in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article for those using land before December 18, 1980, and in the period from December 18, 1980, to before October 15, 1993;
6. The re-determination of the residential land area of households and individuals in case certificates were issued before July 1, 2004, for the residential land parcels with gardens, ponds and residential land areas thereon when the land users so wish or the State recovers the land is provided as follows:
a/ The residential land area shall be re-determined under Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article if, by the time of issuance of the certificates, the land users had one of the documents specified in Clauses 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, and 7, Article 137 of this Law but do not fall into the case specified in Clause 4, Article 137 of this Law. The land users are not required to pay land use levy for the land areas re-determined as residential land.
In case the land users have transferred land use rights for part of the residential land area of their land parcels or the State has recovered part of the residential land area of their land parcels, upon the re-determination of the residential land area, it is required to deduct the transferred or recovered residential land area;
b/ The land area of the persons who acquire land use rights in accordance with law or the land area recovered by the State may not be re-determined under Point a of this Clause;
7. Agencies competent to issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets specified at Point b, Clause 1, Article 136 of this Law shall re-determine the residential land area and issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets in the case specified at Point a, Clause 6 of this Article.
Article 142.
Issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to organizations currently using land
1. Organizations currently using land without certificates of land use rights or certificates of house ownership and residential land use rights or certificates of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets or certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall themselves declare information on the land use status quo and report it to provincial-level People’s Committees of localities where exists the land.
2. Based on the organizations’ reports on land use status quo, provincial-level People’s Committees of localities where exists the land shall inspect the land use situation and proceed with the following:
a/ If the organizations’ land areas that are accompanied with the documents specified in Article 137 of this Law are used for proper purposes, competent state agencies shall determine the form of land use in accordance with law and issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets. In case such land areas are not accompanied with the documents specified in Article 137 of this Law, the form of land use specified in Article 118, 119 or 120 of this Law shall be applied.
For organizations currently using land leased by the State as specified in Article 120 of this Law, provincial-level agencies with land management function shall carry out procedures to sign land lease contracts before issuing certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets;
b/ The determination of the land use period for the land areas eligible for issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets specified at Point a of this Clause in case such land areas are accompanied with the land use rights documents specified in Article 137 of this Law shall be based on such documents. In case the available land use rights documents do not indicate a land use period or indicate a land use period not conformable with the land law at the time of their issuance, the land use period shall be determined under Article 172 of this Law, and counted from October 15, 1993, for cases of land use before October 15, 1993, or counted from the date of issuance of land allocation or land lease decisions, for cases of land use on or after October 15, 1993;
c/ Provincial-level People’s Committees shall decide on recovery of land areas used for improper purposes, land areas encroached or occupied; land areas leased or lent to other organizations, households or individuals; land areas unlawfully contributed as capital to joint ventures or associations; or land areas left unused for more than 12 months or used more than 24 months behind schedule in accordance with law;
d/ Organizations’ land areas arranged to households and individuals being their cadres, workers and employees for use as houses before the effective date of this Law shall be handed over to district-level People’s Committees of localities where exists such land for issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to residential land users in accordance with law. Residential land users who are issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall fulfill financial obligations in accordance with law.
In case a state enterprise engaged in agriculture, forestry, aquaculture or salt production that has been allocated land by the State lets households and individuals use part of such land as residential land before July 1, 2004, it shall formulate a plan for rearrangement of such residential land area into a residential quarter and submit it to the provincial-level People’s Committee of the locality where exists such land for approval before handing over the land to the locality for management;
dd/ For disputed land areas, certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued after the disputes are completely settled in accordance with law.
3. In case an organization acquires a real estate project in accordance with the law on real estate business in which the project transferor and the project transferee have fulfilled their financial obligations in accordance with law, such organization may be considered for issuance of a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets under the Government’s regulations.
Article 143.
Issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for land for construction of urban areas or rural residential areas and production and business projects with different use purposes
1. For land allocated to a project owner for implementing its project on construction of urban areas or rural residential areas and such project consists of multiple items or multiple land areas with different use purposes as specified in Article 9 of this Law, it is required to determine the location and size of land areas by use purpose and issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets under the following provisions:
a/ A certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued for each land parcel by use purpose in conformity with the detailed master plan on construction approved by a competent agency;
b/ The land area used for construction of public works serving the common interests of communities inside and outside urban areas or rural residential areas under the investment project and approved detailed master plan on construction shall be handed over to the locality for management without issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets;
c/ For an apartment building also used as offices and trade and service establishments, if the project owner so wishes and is eligible, it may be issued certificate(s) of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for one or more of its apartments, offices and trade and service establishments under its ownership.
2. For land allocated to a project owner for implementing its production and business project that has multiple land areas with different use purposes, a single certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued to the project owner for the whole area of such land, indicating the location and size of land areas by use purpose as specified in Article 9 of this Law. In case the project owner so wishes, a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued for each land parcel by use purpose in accordance with the approved detailed master plan on construction.
Article 144.
Issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for land under historical-cultural relics or scenic spots
The issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for land under historical-cultural relics or scenic spots already ranked or included in the relic inventory lists by provincial-level People’s Committees in accordance with the law on cultural heritages is provided as follows:
1. For the land currently used by only one agency, organization, residential community, household or individual, a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued to such agency, organization, residential community, household or individual.
2. In case the land involves multiple land users and different types of land, a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued to every land user. Land users shall comply with regulations on protection of historical-cultural relics and scenic spots.
Article 145.
Issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to religious organizations and dependent religious organizations currently using land
1. Religious organizations and dependent religious organizations licensed by the State and currently using land for religious activities but yet to be issued certificates of land use rights or certificates of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets or certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall themselves review and declare their land use and send a report to provincial-level People’s Committees with the following contents:
a/ Total land area currently in use;
b/ Land area allocated by a competent state agency; land area acquired; land area donated; land area borrowed from organizations, households or individuals; land area created by religious organizations or dependent religious organizations themselves; and land area used in other forms;
c/ Land area lent, lent for residential purpose, or leased to organizations, households or individuals;
d/ Land area encroached upon or occupied by other persons.
2. Provincial-level People’s Committees of localities where exists the land shall carry out field inspection, determine boundaries of land parcels and proceed with the following:
a/ To handle the land area in stable use by organizations, households or individuals since before October 15, 1993, based on land use demand of religious organizations, dependent religious organizations and such organizations, households or individuals, ensuring land use-related interests of the parties in conformity with reality;
b/ To handle the land area used by organizations, households or individuals in the period from October 15, 1993, from before July 1, 2004, as in the case in which households or individuals borrow or rent land from other households or individuals in accordance with the land law;
c/ To handle in accordance with law the land area of religious organizations and dependent religious organizations that has been expanded without permission of a competent state agency; the land area of religious organizations and dependent religious organizations that has been encroached or occupied; or the disputed land area of religious organizations and dependent religious organizations.
3. For the land area of a religious organization or dependent religious organization that has been handled under Clause 2 of this Article, a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued with a long and stable land use period in the form of land allocation without land use levy specified in Clause 2 of Article 213 of this Law when the following conditions are fully satisfied:
a/ The religious organization or dependent religious organization is licensed by the State;
b/ The land is dispute-free or the land is involved in a dispute but such dispute has been settled by a competent state agency or under a legally effective court judgment or ruling or arbitral award;
c/ The land is not acquired or donated on or after July 1, 2004.
4. For the land currently used by religious organizations or dependent religious organizations for the purpose of agricultural production, forestry production or non-agricultural production and business, and satisfying the conditions specified in Clause 3 of this Article, a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued with the form of land and land use period corresponding to such purpose as for households and individuals.
Article 146.
Issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for land parcels with an area smaller than the required minimum area
1. For a currently used land parcel which was formed before the effective date of the provincial-level People’s Committee’s document on the required minimum area of a land parcel after splitting and which is smaller than the minimum area specified by the provincial-level People’s Committee but fully satisfies the conditions for issuance of a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, the current land user may be issued such certificate.
2. A certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets may not be issued in case the land user arbitrarily divides or splits its/his/her land parcel for which registration has been made and a certificate of land use rights or certificate of house ownership and residential land use rights or certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets has been issued into two or more smaller land parcels at least one of which is smaller than the required minimum area of a land parcel after splitting as specified in Article 220 of this Law.
3. For a land parcel for which a certificate of land use rights or certificate of house ownership and residential land use rights or certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets has been issued, if the land user wishes to have such land parcel split or consolidated and fully meets the conditions specified in Article 220 of this Law, a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued for each land parcel after splitting or consolidation.
Article 147.
Issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for land parcels located in different commune-level administrative units
1. In case a land parcel is located in different communes, wards or townships but falls within the competence to issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets of the same agency, a single certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued to the land user, which must indicate each land area located in each commune-level administrative unit.
2. In case a land parcel is located in different communes, wards or townships and falls within the competence to issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets of different agencies, a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued for each land parcel falling within the competence of each agency.
Article 148.
Issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for houses
1. Households and individuals that own houses may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets if they possess one of the following documents:
a/ House construction permit or definite-term house construction permit, in case construction permit is required under the construction law;
b/ Contract on purchase and sale of state-owned houses under the Government’s Decree No. 61-CP of July 5, 1994, on purchase and sale and trading of houses, or paper on liquidation or sale of state-owned houses before July 5, 1994;
c/ Document on handover or donation of gratitude houses, charity houses or solidarity houses;
d/ Document on house ownership, issued by a competent agency in different periods while such house is not subject to entire-people ownership established by the State under the National Assembly’s Resolution No. 23/2003/QH11 of November 26, 2003, on houses and land managed and arranged by the State for use during the implementation of housing and land management policies and socialist reform policies before July 1, 1991, and the National Assembly Standing Committee’s Resolution No. 755/2005/NQ-UBTVQH11 of April 2, 2005, on the settlement of house- and land-related specific cases during the implementation of housing and land management policies and socialist reform policies before July 1, 1991;
dd/ Document on house purchase and sale, donation, exchange or inheritance already notarized or certified by a competent People’s Committee in accordance with law, for transactions conducted before July 1, 2006.
For a house purchased, donated, exchanged or inherited on or after July 1, 2006, a document proving such transaction is required in accordance with the housing law.
For a house purchased from a real estate enterprise and built for sale, a contract on house purchase and sale signed between the purchaser and the seller is required;
e/ Legally effective court judgment or ruling or house title document of a competent state agency;
g/ One of the documents specified at Points a, b, c, d, dd and e of this Clause, which bears the name of another person, and the house is dispute-free.
2. In case households and individuals that have owned their houses since before July 1, 2006, but do not possess one of the documents specified in Clause 1 of this Article and such houses are dispute-free, they may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets.
3. In case households and individuals own houses other than those specified in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article and such houses are not subject to construction permit, they may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets. For a house subject to construction permit, it is required to have a written certification by a district-level agency with construction management function stating that such house is qualified in accordance with the construction law.
4. Domestic organizations, foreign-invested economic organizations and people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad who invest in building houses for commercial purposes and possess documents in accordance with the housing law may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets.
In case of purchase, donation, inheritance or ownership of houses in another form as specified by law, a lawful document proving such purchase, donation, inheritance or ownership transaction is required.
5. In case the owner of a house does not have the use rights to the residential land parcel under the house, the issuance of a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets is provided as follows:
a/ For foreign organizations and foreign individuals owning houses in Vietnam, a document on house transaction in accordance with the housing law is required;
b/ For house owners specified by the housing law but not falling into the case specified at Point a of this Clause, it is required to have a document proving the house ownership in accordance with this Article and a land lease contract or capital contribution contract or business cooperation contract or the land user’s written consent to the house construction, which has been notarized or certified in accordance with law;
6. For works for mixed-use purposes in accordance with law and built on residential land, a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets may be issued for assets being items of such works or for the entire works. The land use period is long and stable.
Article 149.
Issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for non-residential construction works
1. Households, individuals and residential communities owning construction works may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets if they possess one of the following documents:
a/ Construction permit or definite-term construction permit in case construction permit is required under the construction law;
b/ Title document of construction works, issued by competent authorities in different periods, unless the works have been managed and arranged by the State for use;
c/ Document on purchase and sale, donation or inheritance of construction works in accordance with law;
d/ Legally effective court judgment or ruling or document of a competent state agency proving the ownership of the construction works;
dd/ One of the documents specified at Points a, b, c and d of this Clause, which bears the name of another person, and the construction works are dispute-free.
2. In case households, individuals or residential communities have owned construction works since before July 1, 2004, but do not possess one of the documents specified in Clause 1 of this Article, and such works are dispute-free, they may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets.
3. In case households, individuals or residential communities own construction works other than those specified in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article and such works are not subject to construction permit, they may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets. For a construction work subject to construction permit, it is required to have a written certification by a district-level agency with construction management function stating that the construction work is qualified in accordance with the construction law.
4. Domestic organizations, foreign-invested economic organizations, foreign organizations with diplomatic functions, religious organizations, dependent religious organizations, and people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad who build construction works and possess documents in accordance with the construction law may be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets.
In case of purchase, donation, inheritance or ownership of construction works in another form as specified by law, a lawful document proving such purchase, donation, inheritance or ownership transaction is required.
5. A certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets may be issued in case the owner of a construction work does not have use rights to the land parcel under the construction work, but has a title document of the construction work in accordance with this Article and a land lease contract or capital contribution contract or business cooperation contract or the land user’s written consent to the construction of such work, which has been notarized or certified in accordance with law.
6. For a project with different work items, a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued for each work item or for each land area of a work item.
Article 150.
Issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets in case the State has issued decisions to manage land and land-attached assets but such decisions have not yet been implemented
For households and individuals currently using land and land-attached assets which have been managed under decisions of state agencies during the implementation of the State’s policies but, in fact, the State has not yet implemented such decisions, they may continue using such land and land-attached assets and be considered for issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets in accordance with law.
Article 151.
Cases ineligible for issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets
1. A land user may not be issued a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for the following types of land:
a/ Agricultural land used for public purposes specified in Article 179 of this Law;
b/ Land allocated for management in the cases specified in Article 7 of this Law, except cases of land allocated for use together with the land allocated for management in which a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be issued for the land area used under land allocation or land lease decisions of competent state agencies;
c/ Land leased or subleased from land users, except land leased or subleased from owners of investment projects on construction and commercial operation of infrastructure facilities in conformity with the approved investment projects;
d/ Contracted land, except land with land use rights recognized under Point a, Clause 2, Article 181 of this Law;
dd/ Land for which a land recovery decision has been issued by a competent state agency, unless such decision has not yet been implemented after more than 3 years since the date of its issuance;
e/ Land under dispute, or currently subject to distraint or application of other measures to secure judgment enforcement in accordance with the law on enforcement of civil judgments; or land with land use rights currently subject to application provisional urgent measures specified by law;
g/ Land allocated by the State to organizations without land use levy for use for public purposes other than commercial purposes.
2. Certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets may not be issued for the following types of land-attached assets:
a/ Land-attached assets on land parcels falling into the cases not entitled to issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets specified in Clause 1 of this Article or falling into cases ineligible for issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets;
b/ Temporary houses or construction works which are built during the construction of main facilities or which are built with bamboo, leaf or earth materials; and auxiliary facilities which are outside the premises of main facilities and serve the management, use and operation of main facilities;
c/ Land-attached assets for which competent state agencies have issued clearance notices or decisions or land recovery decisions, unless such notices or decisions have not yet been implemented after more than 3 years since the date of their issuance;
d/ Houses or facilities which are built after a construction ban is announced or which encroach or occupy the safety boundary markers of technical infrastructure facilities or ranked historical-cultural relics; land-attached assets which are formed after the relevant master plan is approved by a competent state agency but do not comply with the approved master plan at the time of issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, unless owners of houses or non-residential construction works specified in Articles 148 and 149 of this Law possess definite-term construction permits in accordance with the construction law;
dd/ State-owned assets, except assets determined as the State’s capital contributions to enterprises under the guidance of the Ministry of Finance;
e/ Land-attached assets not falling into the cases specified in Articles 148 and 149 of this Law.
Article 152.
Correction, revocation and cancellation of issued certificates
1. Agencies competent to grant certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets specified in Article 136 of this Law shall correct the issued certificates in the following cases:
a/ Such a certificate contains error(s) in information on its holder as compared with the information at the time of correction;
b/ Such a certificate contains error(s) in information on the land parcel or land-attached assets as compared with the dossier for declaration and registration of land and land-attached assets which have been checked and certified by a land registration organization or indicated in a competent state agency’s valid document on settlement of land disputes.
2. The State may revoke an issued certificate in the following cases:
a/ The State recovers the whole land area indicated in the issued certificate of land use rights, certificate of house ownership and residential land use rights, certificate of house ownership, certificate of ownership of construction works, certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets, or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets;
b/ The case of renewal of the issued certificate of land use rights, certificate of house ownership and residential land use rights, certificate of house ownership, certificate of ownership of construction works, certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets, or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets;
c/ The land user or the owner of land-attached assets registers for a change in information on land or land-attached assets which requires issuance of a new certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets;
d/ The certificate was issued
ultra vires
, to an improper land user or for a wrong land area, or issued while the required conditions are not fully satisfied, or issued not for the land use purpose or land use period or land use origin as specified by the land law at the time of issuance;
dd/ The issued certificate has been declared to be cancelled by a competent court;
e/ The case of auction or handover of land use rights and land-attached assets as requested by a court or judgment enforcement agency in which the judgment debtor fails to return the issued certificate.
3. The revocation of an issued certificate in the case specified at Point d, Clause 2 of this Article, which does not fall into the case specified in Clause 4 of this Article must comply with the following regulations:
a/ In case a court competent to settle land disputes has issued a legally effective judgment or ruling, containing a conclusion on the revocation of the issued certificate, the revocation of the issued certificate must comply with such judgment or ruling;
b/ In case an inspection agency makes a written conclusion that the certificate was issued in contravention of the land law, a competent state agency shall consider and decide to revoke the issued certificate if seeing that such conclusion is correct; or notify the inspection agency if seeing that the certificate has been issued in accordance with law;
c/ In case an agency competent to grant certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets specified in Article 136 of this Law finds that the certificate was issued in contravention of the land law, it shall check it and notify the concerned land user of the reason, and decide to revoke the certificate;
d/ In case the land user or the owner of land-attached assets finds that the certificate was issued in contravention of the land law, he/she shall send a request to an agency competent to issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets. The agency competent to issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall check, consider, and decide to revoke the certificate that was issued in contravention of the land law;
dd/ Agencies competent to revoke the issued certificates specified at Points a, b, c and d of this Clause are agencies competent to issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets specified in Article 136 of this Law.
4. Agencies competent to issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets specified in Article 136 of this Law shall not revoke the issued certificates in the case specified at Point d, Clause 2 of this Article if the certificate holders have transferred land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets in accordance with the land law. The handling of damage caused by the issuance of certificates specified in this Clause must comply with court judgments or rulings. The violators shall be handled under Articles 239 and 240 of this Law and other relevant regulations.
5. The revocation of the issued certificates of land use rights, certificates of house ownership and residential land use rights, certificates of house ownership, certificates of ownership of construction works, certificates of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets, or certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets in cases other than those specified in Clause 2 of this Article may be only carried out under legally effective court judgments or rulings or written requests of judgment enforcement agencies regarding the enforcement of judgments and rulings in accordance with law, which have the the contents on revocation of the issued certificates.
6. In case of revocation of an issued certificate under Clause 2 or 5 of this Article, if the land user or the owner of land-attached assets fails to return the issued certificate, an agency competent to issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets specified in Article 136 of this Law shall decide to cancel such certificate.
7. Agencies competent to issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets specified in Article 136 of this Law shall issue new certificates in accordance with law after revoking the issued certificates.
Chapter XI
LAND-RELATED FINANCES AND LAND PRICES
Section 1
LAND-RELATED FINANCES
Article 153.
Budget revenues from land
1. Budget revenues from land include:
a/ Land use levy;
b/ Land rental;
c/ Revenue from sanctioning of land-related administrative violations;
d/ Monetary compensation to the State for damage caused during land management and use;
dd/ Increased land use levy and increased land rental for projects failing to putthe land into use or using land behind schedule;
e/ Land use tax;
g/ Income tax on transfer of land use rights;
h/ Charges and fees in land management and use;
i/ Other revenues as provided by law.
2. Annual land rental shall be applied stably for a five-year period from the time when the State decides on land lease or permits land repurposing associated with shifting to the form of land lease by the State with annual payment of land rental.
Land rental for the next period shall be calculated based on the land price list applicable in the year in which land rental for the next period is determined. In case land rental for the next period is higher than that applicable in the preceding period, the payable land rental shall be adjusted at the rate not exceeding the rate specified by the Government for each period.
The rate of land rental adjustment specified by the Government for each period must not exceed the total consumer price index (CPI) of the country every year in the previous five-year period.
3. The Government shall detail Points a, b, c, d, and dd, Clause 1, and Clause 2, of this Article.
Article 154.
Revenues from land-related public services
1. Services on provision of land information and data.
2. Cadastral survey services.
3. Services on land registration and issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets.
4. Land price determination consultancy services.
5. Other services as provided by law.
Article 155.
Bases for calculation of land use levy and land rental; time for land valuation and calculation of land use levy and land rental
1. Bases for calculation of land use levy include:
a/ The land area allocated, permitted for repurposing, with land use rights recognized;
b/ The land prices specified in Articles 159 and 160 of this Law; in case of auction of land use rights, the land price is the winning bid;
c/ The State’s policies on land use levy exemption or reduction.
2. Bases for calculation of land rental include:
a/ The leased land area;
b/ The land lease period or the extended land use period;
c/ The unit price for land lease; in case of auction of land lease rights, the land rental is the winning bid;
d/ The form of land lease by the State, which is either land lease with annual payment of land rental or one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period;
dd/ The State’s policies on land rental exemption or reduction.
3. The time for land valuation and calculation of land use levy and land rental is the time:
a/ When the State issues a decision on land allocation, land lease, permission for land repurposing, extension of land use period, adjustment of land use period, or change of form of land use, in case the State allocates land, leases land, permits land repurposing, extends land use period, adjusts land use period, or changes the form of land use, except the case specified in Clause 7, Article 124 of this Law;
b/ When the land user or the owner of land-attached assets or its/his/her representative submits a complete and valid dossier in accordance with law, in case of recognition of land use rights;
c/ When a competent state agency modifies a land allocation or land lease decision, in case a competent state agency modifies a land allocation or land lease decision, leading to change in the land area, land use purpose or land use period;
d/ When a competent state agency decides on adjustment of a detailed master plan, in case a competent state agency decides on adjustment of a detailed master plan in accordance with the construction law, requiring re-determination of land prices.
4. In case of applying land prices in a land price list to calculate land use levy and land rental, competent People’s Committees shall state land prices in decisions on land allocation, land lease, permission of land repurposing, extension of land use period, adjustment of land use period, or change of form of land use.
In case of determination of specific land prices for calculation of land use levy and land rental, competent People’s Committees shall issue decisions on land prices within 180 days from the time of land valuation specified at Points a, c and d, Clause 3 of this Article.
5. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 156.
Payment of land use levy and land rental upon land repurposing, extension of land use period and adjustment of land use period
1. Upon land repurposing in the cases specified at Points b, c, d, dd, e and g, Clause 1, Article 121 of this Law, land users shall pay land use levy or land rental according to the following provisions:
a/ To make one-off payment of land use levy or land rental for the entire lease period which equals the difference between the land use levy or land rental amount payable for the land type after land repurposing and that payable for the land type before land repurposing for the remaining land use period;
b/ To make annual payment of land rental based on the land type after land repurposing.
2. After land use period is extended or adjusted, if land users are liable to land use levy or land rental, they shall pay land use levy or land rental for the extended or adjusted land use period.
3. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 157.
Land use levy or land rental exemption or reduction
1. Land use levy or land rental exemption or reduction shall apply to:
a/ Land used for production and business purposes in the sectors or geographical areas eligible for investment incentives in accordance with the investment law and relevant laws, excluding land for construction of commercial houses or commercial or service land;
b/ Land used for implementation of policies on houses and residential land for people with meritorious services to the revolution, invalids or diseased soldiers who lose their work capacity, martyrs’ families that no longer have breadwinners, poor people; land used for implementation of investment projects on construction of social houses, lodging houses for industrial park workers or houses for the people’s armed forces, renovation or reconstruction of condominiums in accordance with the housing law; and residential land for people who have to be relocated when the State recovers land due to the risks of threatening human life; residential land for the subjects specified at Points a and b, Clause 3, Article 124 of this Law who are working in border or island commune or island districts without commune-level administrative units in areas with difficult socio-economic conditions or areas with extremely difficult socio-economic conditions;
c/ Land used by ethnic minority people who are eligible for land use levy or land rental exemption or reduction under the Government’s regulations;
d/ Land used by public non-business units specified at Point c, Clause 3, Article 120 of this Law;
dd/ Land used for construction of airport and aerodrome infrastructure; land used for construction of aviation service establishments and facilities; land for parking lots and maintenance workshops in service of public passenger transport; and land for construction of above-ground works serving the operation, exploitation and use of underground works;
e/ Land used for construction of specialized railway infrastructure; land for construction of railway industrial works; and land for construction of other auxiliary facilities directly serving train operation, passenger boarding and deboarding and cargo loading and unloading;
g/ Land used for implementation of investment projects in the form of public-private partnership;
h/ Land used for construction of working offices, drying grounds, warehouses and production workshops; land for construction of establishments providing services for agricultural, forestry and aquaculture or salt making of cooperatives and unions of cooperatives;
i/ Land used for construction of clean water supply, water drainage and wastewater treatment works in urban and rural areas;
k/ Land other than land for national defense or security purposes used by military or public security enterprises;
l/ Residential land allocated to households and individuals that need to be relocated upon recovery of land and house by the State but are ineligible for compensation with residential land and have no accommodations else in the commune-level administrative units where exists the recovered land;
2. The Government shall prescribe other cases eligible for land use levy or land rental exemption or reduction that are not specified in Clause 1 of this Article after obtaining the approval of the National Assembly Standing Committee.
3. For cases eligible for land use levy or land rental exemption, it is not required to carry out procedures for determining land prices and calculating the exempted land use levy or land rental amounts. Land users eligible for land use levy or land rental exemption are not required to carry out procedures for requesting land use levy or land rental exemption.
4. The Government shall detail this Article.
Section2
LAND PRICES
Article 158.
Principles, grounds and methods of land valuation
1. Land valuation must adhere to the following principles:
a/ Applying market principle-based land valuation methods;
b/ Complying with land valuation methods, order and procedures;
c/ Ensuring truthfulness, objectivity, openness and transparency;
d/ Ensuring independence among land price determination consultancy organizations, councils for appraisal of land price lists, councils for appraisal of specific land prices, and agencies or persons competent to decide on land prices;
d/ Ensuring the harmony of interests among the State, land users and investors.
2. Grounds for land valuation include:
a/ Use purpose of land subject to valuation;
b/ Land use period, except agricultural land allocated by the State to households and individuals within agricultural land allocation quotas and agricultural land within the quotas of acquisition of land use rights;
c/ Input information for land valuation based on land valuation methods;
d/ Other factors affecting land prices;
dd/ Relevant regulations at the time of land valuation.
3. Input information for land valuation based on land valuation methods specified at Point c, Clause 2 of this Article includes:
a/ Land prices recorded in the national land database and national price database;
b/ Land prices stated in land use rights transfer contracts; winning bids in auctions of land use rights after financial obligations are fulfilled;
c/ Land prices collected through surveys in case of unavailability of information on land prices specified at Points a and b of this Clause;
d/ Information on costs of, and revenues and income from, land use.
4. Input information on land prices specified at Points a, b and c, Clause 3 of this Article is information created within 24 months prior to the time of land valuation specified in Clause 2, Article 91 and Clause 3, Article 155 of this Law.
While using information collected under this Clause, the information collected at the time closest to the time of land valuation will be prioritized.
5. Land valuation methods include:
a/ Comparison method, which shall be implemented by adjusting the prices of land parcels having the same land use purpose and sharing certain similarities in land price-affecting factors with the land parcel to be valuated, of which the use rights have been successfully transferred in the market or auctioned with auction winners having fulfilled their financial obligations according to decisions announcing auction results through analyzing and comparing land price-affecting factors after excluding the value of land-attached assets (if any) in order to determine the price of the land parcel to be valuated;
b/ Income-based method, which shall be implemented by dividing the average annual net income earned on a land acreage unit by the average interest rate of 12-month Vietnam-dong savings deposits at commercial banks in which the State holds more than 50% of charter capital or total voting shares in the provincial-level administrative unit for 3 preceding years, counted by the latest quarter with available data prior to the time of land valuation;
c/ Surplus-based method, which shall be implemented by subtracting the total projected revenue from the development of the land parcel or land area from the total projected costs for such development, calculated based on use of land at the maximum efficiency (maximum land use coefficient, construction density, and number of stories) according to the approved land-use master plan and detailed master plan on construction;
d/ Land price adjustment coefficient method, which shall be implemented by multiplying the land price in the land price list by the land price adjustment coefficient. The land price adjustment coefficient shall be determined through comparing the land price in the land price list with the market land price;
dd/ The Government shall provide land valuation methods other than those specified at Points a, b, c and d of this Clause after obtaining the approval of the National Assembly Standing Committee.
6. Cases of, and conditions for, application of land valuation methods are prescribed as follows:
a/ The comparison method shall be applied in case there are at least 3 land parcels having the same land use purposes and sharing certain similarities in land price-affecting factors with the to-be-valuated land parcel, of which the use rights have been successfully transferred in the market or auctioned with auction winners having fulfilled their financial obligations according to decisions announcing auction results;
b/ The income-based method shall be applied to valuate a non-residential agricultural or non-agricultural land parcel or area in case the conditions for application of the comparison method are not met but it is possible to determine incomes from, and costs of, land use according to the use purpose of the to-be-valuated land parcel;
c/ The surplus-based method shall be applied to valuate a land parcel or land area used for implementing an investment project in case the conditions for application of the comparison method or income-based method are not met but it is possible to estimate the total revenue and costs of the project;
d/ The land price adjustment coefficient method shall be applied to determine specific prices for calculation of compensation upon land recovery by the State in cases of recovering adjacent land parcels that have the same land use purpose and have their land prices specified in the land price list but the conditions for application of the comparison method are not met.
7. The land valuation methods specified in Clause 5 of this Article shall be used to determine specific land prices and make land price lists.
8. In case the specific land price determined by the land valuation methods specified at Points a, b and d, Clause 5 of this Article is lower than the land price on the land price list, the latter shall be used.
9. The selection of land valuation methods shall be proposed by land valuation organizations and decided by councils for appraisal of specific land prices.
10. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 159.
Land price lists
1. A land price list shall be used in the following cases:
a/ Calculation of land use levy when the State recognizes residential land use rights of households and individuals; households and individuals repurpose land;
b/ Calculation of land rental upon land lease by the State with annual payment of land rental;
c/ Calculation of land use levy;
d/ Calculation of income tax on transfer of land use rights for households and individuals;
dd/ Calculation of charges in land management and use;
e/ Calculation of fines for land-related administrative violations;
g/ Calculation of compensation paid to the State for damage caused in land management and use;
h/ Calculation of land use levy and land rental upon recognition of land use rights by the State in the form of land allocation with collection of land use levy or land lease with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period to households and individuals;
i/ Calculation of the reserve price for auction of land use rights upon land allocation or land lease by the State, for land parcels or land areas with technical infrastructure facilities according to detailed master plans on construction;
k/ Calculation of land use levy in case of land allocation to households and individuals not through auction of land use rights;
l/ Calculation of land use levy in case of sale of state-owned houses to current lessees.
2. Land price lists shall be made based on areas and locations. For areas with digital cadastral maps and land price databases, land price lists shall be formulated for separate land parcels based on value zones and standard land parcels.
3. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall formulate and submit initial land price lists to same-level People’s Councils for decision, announcement and application from January 1, 2026. Every year, provincial-level People’s Committees shall submit  adjustments, modifications and supplements to land price lists to provincial-level People’s Councils for decision, announcement and application from January 1 of the following year.
When it is necessary to adjust, modify or supplement land price lists at some time during the year, provincial-level People’s Committees shall report thereon to provincial-level People’s Councils for decision.
Provincial-level agencies with land management function shall assist provincial-level People’s Committees in formulating, adjusting, modifying and supplementing land price lists. In the course of implementation, provincial-level agencies with land management function may hire land price determination consultancy organizations to formulate, adjust, modify and supplement land price lists.
4. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 160
. Specific land prices
1. Specific land prices shall be applied in the following cases:
a/ Calculation of land use levy for application to organizations when the State allocates land with collection of land use levy neither through auction of land use rights nor bidding for selection of investors to implement land-using projects; allocates land with collection of land use levy to bid-winning investors or economic institutions established by bid-winning investors to implement land-using projects; or recognizes land use rights or permits land repurposing, for cases liable to land use levy;
b/ Calculation of land rental when the State leases land with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period, except cases of land lease through auction of land use rights;
c/ Valuation of land use rights upon equitization of state enterprises in accordance with the law on equitization;
d/ Determination of reserve prices for auction of land use rights upon land allocation or land lease by the State, except the case specified at Point i, Clause 1, Article 159 of this Law;
dd/ Calculation of land use levy or land rental upon extension or adjustment of land use period, adjustment of detailed master plans on construction, or grant of permission for conversion of land use forms;
e/ Calculation of compensation upon land recovery by the State.
2. The competence to decide on specific land prices is provided as follows:
a/ Chairpersons of provincial-level People’s Committees shall decide on specific land prices in case of land allocation, land lease, grant of permission for land repurposing, recognition of land use rights, extension or adjustment of land use period, adjustment of detailed master plans on construction, land recovery, determination of reserve prices for auction of land use rights, and valuation of land use rights upon equitization of enterprises under the competence of provincial-level People’s Committees in accordance with this Law;
b/ Chairpersons of district-level People’s Committees shall decide on specific land prices in case of land allocation, land lease, grant of permission for land repurposing, recognition of land use rights, extension of land use period, adjustment of land use period, adjustment of detailed master plans on construction, land recovery, and determination of reserve prices for auction of land use rights under the competence of district-level People’s Committees in accordance with this Law.
3. Agencies with land management function shall assist chairpersons of People’s Committees of the same level in determining specific land prices. In the course of implementation, agencies with land management function may hire land price determination consultancy organizations to determine specific land prices.
4. For areas for which land price lists have been formulated by separate land parcels based on value zones and standard land parcels, specific land prices shall be determined based on land price lists at the time of land valuation.
5. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 161.
Councils for appraisal of land price lists, councils for appraisal of specific land prices
1. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall decide to establish councils for appraisal of land price lists. A council for appraisal of land price lists shall be composed of the chairperson or a vice chairperson of the concerned provincial-level People’s Committee as its chairperson; the head of the provincial-level finance agency as its vice chairperson; and heads of provincial-level specialized agencies, chairpersons of district-level People’s Committees, representatives of related agencies and organizations, the land price determination consultancy organization and experts as its members.
2. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall decide to establish provincial-level councils for appraisal of specific land prices. A provincial-level council for appraisal of specific land prices shall be composed of the chairperson or a vice chairperson of the concerned provincial-level People’s Committee as its chairperson; the head of the provincial-level finance agency as its vice chairperson; and chairpersons of district- and commune-level People’s Committees of the localities where exist the concerned land parcels and representatives of related agencies and organizations as its members. The provincial-level People’s Committee may invite a representative of the land price determination consultancy organization and experts in land prices to participate in the council as its members.
3. District-level People’s Committees shall decide to establish district-level councils for appraisal of specific land prices. A district-level council for appraisal of specific land prices shall be composed of the chairperson or a vice chairperson of the concerned district-level People’s Committee as its chairperson; the head of the district-level finance agency as its vice chairperson; and heads of related divisions, departments and organizations and chairpersons of commune-level People’s Committees of the localities where exist the concerned land parcels as its members. The district-level People’s Committee may invite a representative of the land price determination consultancy organization or experts in land prices to participate in the council as its members.
4. Provincial- and district-level councils for appraisal of land price lists and councils for appraisal of specific land prices shall decide to establish their assisting teams and may hire land price determination consultancy organizations to advise on the appraisal of land price lists and specific land prices.
5. The appraisal by councils for appraisal of land price lists and councils for appraisal of specific land prices must cover compliance with land valuation principles, methods, order and procedures and information collection results.
6. Provincial- and district-level councils for appraisal of land price lists and councils for appraisal of specific land prices shall be held responsible for the appraisal specified in Clause 5 of this Article.
The councils shall work on an independent, objective and collegial basis and abide by the majority decision-making rule; council chairpersons and members shall bear personal responsibility for their opinions. The councils’ meetings must be recorded in minutes, fully reflecting discussion opinions and voting results; such minutes shall be kept together with meeting documents and written opinions of the councils’ members.
Councils for appraisal of land price lists and councils for appraisal of specific land prices may invite representatives of Vietnam Fatherland Front Committees of the same level and other socio-political organizations to attend land price appraisal meetings.
Article 162.
Rights and obligations of land price determination consultancy organizations
1. A land price determination consultancy organization has the following rights:
a/ To provide land price determination consultancy services;
b/ To request consultancy hirers and related agencies, organizations and individuals to provide information and documents serving land price determination in accordance with law;
c/ Other rights provided by law.
2. A land price determination consultancy organization has the following obligations:
a/ To adhere to land valuation principles, grounds, methods, order and procedures in accordance with this Law and other relevant laws;
b/ To be independent, objective and honest in provision of land price determination consultancy services;
c/ To ensure compliance with professional ethics by its valuators;
d/ To bear professional liability for their land price determination and appraisal consultancy services;
dd/ To provide land price determination consultancy in accordance with this Law and other relevant laws;
e/ To submit to inspection and examination by competent state agencies; to send land price determination consultancy reports to the provincial-level agency(ies) with land management function of the locality(ies) where it registers its head office or provides land price determination consultancy services when so requested;
g/ To register the list of valuators and the change or adjustment of this list to the provincial-level agency with land management function of the locality where it registers its head office;
h/ To provide land price list and specific land price determination and appraisal consultancy services; to appoint its representatives to participate in councils for appraisal of land price lists and councils for appraisal of specific land price when requested by competent state agencies;
i/ To keep dossiers and documents on land price determination consultancy results;
k/ Other obligations provided by law.
3. An organization may provide land price determination consultancy services if:
a/ Having registered for provision of land price determination services or land price appraisal services; being a public non-business unit with the function of providing land price determination services or price appraisal services; and,
b/ Having at least 3 valuators qualified for practicing land price determination consultancy or 3 price appraisers according to the Government’s regulations.
Chapter XII
NATIONAL LAND INFORMATION SYSTEM AND NATIONAL LAND DATABASE
Article 163.
National land information system
1. The national land information system shall be built in a centralized and uniform manner from the central to local levels to be synchronous, multi-purpose and uninterruptedly connected nationwide.
2. The national land information system shall be built to serve state management of land, administrative reform and digital transformation in the field of land; connect and share data with national databases and databases of ministries, sectors and localities as foundations for the development of e-government toward digital government, digital economy and digital society.
3. The national land information system includes the following basic components:
a/ Information technology infrastructure;
b/ Software of the national land information system;
c/ National land database.
Article 164
. Information technology infrastructure and software of the national land information system
1. Information technology infrastructure shall be built at central and local levels, comprising a set of servers, workstations, network devices, transmission systems, security devices, storage devices, peripheral devices and other devices.
2. Software of the national land information system includes system software, utility software and application software serving the management, operation, updating and exploitation of the national land database.
3. The Minister of Natural Resources and Environment shall prescribe technical requirements for application software for the management, operation, updating and exploitation of the national land database.
Article 165.
National land database
1. The national land database includes the following components:
a/ Database of legal documents on land;
b/ Cadastral database;
c/ Database of land survey, evaluation, protection, rehabilitation and restoration;
d/ Database of land-use mater plans and plans;
dd/ Database of land prices;
e/ Database of land statistics and inventory;
g/ Database on inspection, examination, citizen reception, and settlement of land-related disputes, complaints and denunciations;
h/ Other land-related databases.
2. The national land database shall be built in a synchronous and uniform manner in accordance with national standards and technical regulations nationwide.
3. The Minister of Natural Resources and Environment shall prescribe the contents, structure and type of information of the national land database.
Article 166.
Management, operation and exploitation of, and uninterrupted connection with, the national land database
1. The national land database shall be protected in terms of security and safety in accordance with law.
2. The management of the national land database shall be carried out in a centralized manner and decentralized to state agencies from the central to local levels according to their management responsibilities.
3. The national land database shall be fully, accurately and promptly updated to be conformable with the actual quo of land management and use.
4. Other national databases and databases of ministries, sectors and localities shall be connected to the national land database to update, share, exploit and use information. The uninterrupted connection must ensure efficiency, safety and compliance with functions, tasks and powers prescribed in this Law and other relevant laws.
5. The exploitation of information from the national land database is prescribed as follows:
a/ Data in the national land database are valid for official use as paper documents issued by competent agencies;
b/ Agencies managing national databases and agencies managing databases of ministries, sectors, localities, state agencies, political organizations and socio-political organizations may exploit information from the national land database within the ambit of their functions, tasks and powers;
c/ Land users may exploit their information from the national land database;
d/ Organizations and individuals other than those specified at Points b and c of this Clause but wishing to exploit information from the national land database must obtain the approval of the national land database-managing agency in accordance with law;
dd/ The State shall create favorable conditions for organizations and individuals to access and exploit land information and data in accordance with law; encourage organizations and individuals to give feedback and provide information to the national land database;
e/ Those that exploit and use information and data in the national land database must pay a charge for exploitation and use of land documents and pay for land information and data provision services according to regulations;
g/ The Minister of Finance shall provide guidance on rates of the charge for exploitation and use of land documents from the national land information system and collection, remittance, management and use thereof; the Minister of Natural Resources and Environment shall decide on prices of augmented products and services using information from land database and information system in accordance with the price law.
Article 167
. Land-related online public services and e-transactions
1. Land-related online public services include land-related public administrative services and other land-related services that are provided to organizations and individuals in the network environment in accordance with law. The provision of land-related online public services is prescribed as follows:
a/ Agencies competent to provide land-related online public services must ensure uninterrupted, convenient, simple and safe connection for agencies, organizations and individuals and serve state management of land;
b/ Forms of certification by the State of the rights and obligations of land users shall be performed on digital files and e-authentication.
2. Land-related e-transactions include land-related transactions conducted by electronic means. Land-related e-transactions must comply with the law on e-transactions.
3. The Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment and provincial-level People’s Committees shall guide the provision of land-related online public services and e-transactions.
Article 168
. Funds for building, management, operation, maintenance and upgrading of the national land information system
1. Funds for building, management, operation, maintenance and upgrading of the national land information system shall be allocated from the state budget and other sources in accordance with law.
2. The central budget shall ensure funds for building, management, operation, maintenance and upgrading of information technology infrastructure and software of the national land information system; and for building and updating of land databases by central agencies.
3. Local budgets shall ensure funds for management, operation, maintenance and upgrading of information technology infrastructure and software; and for building and updating of land databases by localities.
4. The State shall encourage capable organizations and individuals to participate in building and providing services for the information technology infrastructure system; providing utility software and application software for building the national land database and exploiting national land information and data; building the national land database and providing value-added services from the national land database.
Article 169
. Assurance of security for, and confidentiality of, land information and data
1. Level-based security for the national land information system must be ensured in accordance with the law on cyberinformation security and other relevant laws.
2. The printing, copying, transportation, delivery, receipt and transmission of data; storage, preservation and provision of information and data and other activities related to data classified as state secrets must comply with the law on protection of state secrets.
3. The list of land-related state secrets must comply with the law on protection of state secrets.
Article 170
. Responsibilities in building, management, operation and exploitation of the national land information system
1. The Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment shall:
a/ Build information technology infrastructure at the central level and develop software of the national land information system in order to operate and exploit the system by 2025;
b/ Manage, operate, maintain and upgrade software of the national land information system and information technology infrastructure at the central level;
c/ Build and update national and regional land data and other centrally-managed land-related databases;
d/ Integrate, manage and exploit the national land database nationwide;
dd/ Connect and share information from the national land database with the National Public Service Portal, and information systems and databases of ministries, sectors and localities and provide land information to organizations and individuals in accordance with law;
e/ Provide land-related online public services.
2. Related ministries, sectors and agencies shall connect and share land-related basic survey results and information with the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment for updating to the national land database.
3. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall:
a/ Organize the building, updating, management and exploitation of land databases in their localities to ensure that such databases shall be connected with and integrated into the national land database by 2025;
b/ Organize the management, operation, maintenance, upgrading and assurance of information technology infrastructure and software in their localities, and transmission lines from local to central levels for building, operation and updating of local land databases;
c/ Share and provide land information and data in their localities to organizations and individuals in accordance with law;
d/ Provide land-related online public services in their localities.
4. The Government shall provide in detail the building, management, operation and exploitation of the national land information system.
Chapter XIII
LAND USE REGIME
Section 1
LAND USE PERIOD
Article 171.
Land with long, stable use period
1. Residential land.
2. Agricultural land used by residental communities as prescribed in Clause 4, Article 178 of this Law.
3. Special-use forest, protection forest and production forest land managed by organizations.
4. Commercial or service land, land of non-agricultural production establishments that is using stably by individuals and recognized by the State but not allocated for a definite period or leased by the State.
5. Land for construction of working offices specified in Clause 1, Article 199 of this Law and land for construction of non-business facilities of public non-business units as prescribed in Clause 2, Article 199 of this Law.
6. Land for national defense and security purposes.
7. Land for belief activities.
8. Land for religious activities specified in Clause 2, Article 213 of this Law.
9. Land for public non-commercial purposes.
10. Land for cemeteries, funeral homes, and cremation facilities; land for columbaria.
11. Land specified in Clause 3, Article 173 and Clause 2, Article 174 of this Law.
Article 172
. Land with definite use period
1. Except the cases specified in Article 171 of this Law, the land use period upon land allocation, land lease or recognition of land use rights by the State is prescribed as follows:
a/ The term for allocation of, and recognition of the rights to use, agricultural land for individuals directly engaged in agricultural production and using land for annual crops, land for aquaculture, land for salt making, land for perennials, and land under production forests being planted forests within the quotas specified in Article 176 of this Law is 50 years. When the land use period expires, land users may continue using land for the term specified at this Point without having to carry out procedures for extension of the land use period;
b/ The lease term of agricultural land to individuals must not exceed 50 years. Upon expiry of the land lease term, the State shall consider continuing leasing land to those who have demand therefor but the lease term must not exceed 50 years;
c/ The land allocation or land lease term for implementing land-using investment projects shall be considered and decided based on the operation duration of the investment projects or applications for land allocation or land lease, but must not exceed 50 years.
For projects with an operation duration exceeding 50 years specified in the Investment Law, the land allocation or land lease term shall be based on their operation duration but must not exceed 70 years.
Upon expiry of the land allocation or land lease term, if land users wish to continue using land, the State shall consider extending the land use period but the extension period must not exceed the term specified in this Clause.
For cases not requiring formulation of investment projects, the land use period shall be considered based on applications for land allocation or land lease but must not exceed 50 years;
d/ The lease term of land for construction of working offices of foreign organizations with diplomatic functions must not exceed 99 years. Upon expiry of the lease term, if these organizations still have demand for land, the State shall consider extending the land lease term or leasing other land parcels to them. The extension period or lease term of other land parcels must not exceed the term specified in this Clause.
2. The land allocation and land lease term specified in this Article shall be calculated from the date the land allocation or land lease decision is issued by a competent state agency.
3. The extension of land use period shall be carried out in the last year of the period, except the case specified at Point a, Clause 1 of this Article. Land users wishing to extend the land use period shall submit dossiers of request for extension of land use period at least 6 months before the land use period expires. Past the deadline for submission of dossiers of request for extension of land use period, if land users fail to submit the dossiers, the land use period shall not be extended, except
force majeure
cases. In case land use period is not extended, competent state agencies shall recover the land in accordance with this Law.
4. In case land use period is not extended, land users shall handle land-attached assets to return grounds to the State. Past 24 months from the expiry of land use period, if land users fail to handle assets, the State will recover land without paying compensation for land and land-attached assets; in case demolition is required, asset owners shall pay demolition expenses.
5. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 173
. Land use period upon land repurposing
1. The land use period for individuals upon land repurposing is prescribed as follows:
a/ In case of repurposing special-use forest land or protection forest land into land of other types, the land use period shall be determined based on the land types after land repurposing. The land use period shall be calculated from the time of issuance of decisions permitting land repurposing;
b/ In case of repurposing land for annual crops, land for perennials, production forest land, land for aquaculture or land for salt making into special-use forest land or protection forest land, the land use period will be long, stable;
c/ In case of repurposing between types of agricultural land not specified at Points a and b of this Clause, individuals may continue using such land for the land allocation or lease term.
d/ In case of repurposing agricultural land into non-agricultural land, the land use period shall be determined based on the land type after land repurposing. The land use period shall be calculated from the time of issuance of decisions permitting land repurposing.
2. The land use period upon land repurposing for implementation of investment projects shall be determined according to Point c, Clause 1, Article 172 of this Law, except the case specified in Clause 3 of this Article.
3. In case of repurposing non-agricultural land with long, stable use period into non-agricultural land with definite use period or
vice versa
, after repurposing, the land use period will be long, stable.
Article 174
. Land use period upon acquisition of land use rights
1. The land use period in case of acquiring land use rights for land with definite land use period is the remaining duration of the land use period before acquisition of land use rights. The extension of the land use period must comply with Clause 3, Article 172 of this Law.
In case of receiving the right to use agricultural land within the quotas of land allocation for individuals directly engaged in agricultural production through the acquisition of land use rights or receipt of land use rights in mortgage contracts for deb handling, courts’ judgments or rulings or the judgment enforcement agencies’  judgment enforcement decisions which have been executed, if the land use period has expired, land users may continue using land within the period specified in Article 172 of this Law without having to carry out procedures for extension of the land use period.
2. For persons acquiring rights to use land with long, stable use period, the land use period will be long, stable.
Article 175.
Adjustment of land use period of investment projects
1. The adjustment of the land use period of a land-using investment project when the period has not yet expired must satisfy the following conditions:
a/ Being conformable with the district-level land-use master plan;
b/ Having a written request for adjustment of the land use period of the investment project;
c/ Having fulfilled land-related financial obligations toward the State in accordance with law;
d/ Not falling into the case of land recovery specified in Article 81 of this Law;
dd/ Having a document on the adjustment of the investment project issued by a competent agency in accordance with law but there is a change in the project’s operation duration;
e/ Meeting environmental conditions in accordance with the law on environmental protection.
2. After adjusted, the land use period of the project must not exceed the period specified at Point c, Clause 1, Article 172 of this Law.
Section 2
LAND USE REGIME
Article 176
. Agricultural land allocation quotas
1. The quotas for allocation of land for annual crops, land for aquaculture and land for salt making for individuals directly engaged in agricultural production are prescribed as follows:
a/ Not exceeding 3 hectares for each type of land, for provinces and centrally run cities in the Southeastern region and Mekong Delta region;
b/ Not exceeding 2 hectares for each type of land, for other provinces and centrally run cities.
2. The quotas for allocation of land for perennial crops for individuals must not exceed 10 hectares, for delta communes, wards and townships or 30 hectares for midland and mountainous commune, wards or townships.
3. The land allocation quota for individuals must not exceed 30 hectares for each of the following land types:
a/ Protection forest land;
b/ Land for production forests being planted forests.
4. In case an individual is allocated with land of different types, including land for annual crops, land for aquaculture and land for salt making, the total quota of land of all types must not exceed 5 hectares. If the individual is additionally allocated with land for perennial crops, the allocation quota of land for perennial crops must not exceed 5 hectares, for delta communes, wards and townships, or 25 hectares, for midland and mountainous communes, wards or townships. If the individual is additionally allocated with land for production forests being planted forests, the allocation quota of land for production forests must not exceed 25 hectares.
5. The quotas for allocation of unused land to individuals for agricultural production, forestry, aquaculture or salt making in accordance with master plans must not exceed the quotas prescribed in Clauses 1, 2, and 3 of this Article and shall not be included in quotas for allocation of agricultural land to individuals as prescribed in Clauses 1, 2, and 3 of this Article.
Provincial-level People’s Committees shall prescribe quotas for allocation of unused land to individuals for use in accordance with land-use master plans and plans approved by competent state agencies.
6. Individuals may continue using agricultural land areas in communes, wards and townships other than the places where they register their permanent residence; if these land areas are allocated without collection of land use levy, they shall be included in agricultural land allocation quotas for individuals.
Agencies with land management function of localities where agricultural land has been allocated without collection of land use levy to individuals shall send notices thereof to commune-level People’s Committees of the localities where individuals register permanent residence for the calculation of agricultural land allocation quotas.
7. The area of agricultural land which is acquired by individuals by transfer, lease, sublease, inheritance or donation of land use rights or receipt of land use rights contributed as capital or is contracted from other subjects or leased by the State, shall not be included in the agricultural land allocation quota specified in this Article.
Article 177
. Quotas for acquisition of agricultural land use rights by individuals
1. The quota for acquisition of land use rights by individuals must not exceed 15 times the allocation quota for agricultural land to individuals applicable to each type of land prescribed in Clauses 1, 2 and 3, Article 176 of this Law.
2. The determination of the quota for acquisition of agricultural land use rights specified in Clause 1 of this Article shall be based on the following factors:
a/ Conditions on land and production technology;
b/ Labor force and economic restructuring; and urbanization.
3. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall base on Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article to prescribe quotas for acquisition of agricultural land use rights by individuals in conformity with actual conditions of their localities.
Article 178.
Agricultural land used by individuals or residential communities
1. Agricultural land used by individuals includes agricultural land allocated or leased by the State and agricultural land of which land use rights are recognized by the State or leased from other land users or obtained by exchange, transfer, inheritance or donation in accordance with law.
2. The use of agricultural land allocated by the State to individuals is specified as follows:
a/ Individuals that are allocated land by the State before this Law takes effect may continue using such land in accordance with this Law;
b/ For localities where land has not been allocated to individuals in accordance with the land law, commune-level People’s Committees of the localities where exists land shall formulate land allocation plans and propose district-level People’s Committees to decide on land allocation;
c/ For localities where the People’s Committees of all levels have guided households and individuals to negotiate and make land-related adjustments by themselves during the implementation of land policies and law before October 15, 1993, households and individuals may continue using land, provided that they are currently using land in a stable manner.
3. Agricultural land users may carry out crop and livestock restructuring so as to use land for multiple purposes under Article 218 of this Law; use an area of ​​land as prescribed by provincial-level People’s Committees to build facilities directly serving agricultural production. Cases of using paddy land must comply with Article 182 of this Law.
4. The use of agricultural land by residential communities is specified as follows:
a/ Residential communities shall be allocated land or have their land use rights recognized by the State to conserve national identities associated with the traditions, customs and beliefs of different ethnic groups;
b/ Residential communities which are allocated land or have their land use rights recognized by the State shall protect the allocated land and may not use such land for other purposes.
Article 179.
Agricultural land areas for public purposes
1. Agricultural land areas for public purposes that were set aside in accordance with the land law in different periods shall be further used for public purposes of the localities.
2. Agricultural land areas for public purposes of communes, wards and townships shall be used for the following purposes:
a/ Construction of public facilities for culture, physical training and sports, entertainment, recreation, health, education, markets and cemeteries and other public facilities that are invested, managed and used by commune-level People’s Committees; construction of gratitude houses, charity houses or solidarity houses;
b/ Compensation for people whose land is recovered upon construction of the facilities specified at Point a of this Clause.
3. Commune-level People’s Committees shall lease land areas not yet used for the purposes specified in Clause 2 of this Article to individuals in their localities for agricultural production or aquaculture through auction. The land use period for each lease must not exceed 10 years.
4. The agricultural land areas for public purposes of communes, wards and townships shall be managed and used by commune-level People’s Committees of the localities where exists land in accordance with land-use master plans or land use plans approved by competent state agencies.
Article 180.
Agricultural land used by organizations, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested economic organizations
1. Economic organizations, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested economic organizations that have demand for using land for agricultural production, forestry, aquaculture or salt making shall be considered by the State to be leased land for implementation of investment projects.
2. Economic organizations and public non-business units that have been allocated or leased land by the State before this Law takes effect for agricultural production, forestry, aquaculture or salt making, except the cases specified in Article 181 of this Law, shall review the current quo of land use and make plans for land use. A plan for land use must clearly determine the area and boundaries of to-be-used land parcels, the area of land of each type to be used and land use period, and land areas to be handed over to localities.
Provincial-level People’s Committees shall direct the review and approval of plans for land use; allocate or lease land in accordance with the approved plans for land use; and recover land that is unused, improperly used, illegally contracted, leased or lent, or encroached or occupied for allocation or lease to organizations and individuals. During the process of land allocation or land lease, priority shall be given to local ethnic minority people that have no land or lack land for production.
Article 181.
Land managed and used by agricultural and forestry companies
1. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall:
a/ Review the current quo of land use by agricultural and forestry companies that used to be agricultural or forestry farms regarding the positions and boundaries of land areas they manage and use; land areas that are used for proper purposes; land areas that are used for improper purposes; unused land areas; land areas that are allocated, contracted, illegally contracted, leased, lent, contributed under joint venture, affiliate or investment cooperation contracts, encroached, occupied or disputed;
b/ Organize the formulation, appraisal and approval of plans for land use of local agricultural and forestry companies, covering: determining land areas to be further used by agricultural and forestry companies; land areas to be handed over to localities for land allocation, land lease, or recognition of land use rights for the subjects specified in Clause 2 of this Article and for socio-economic development in accordance with law;
c/ Issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for the land areas to be further used by agricultural and forestry companies in accordance with approved plans;
d/ Organize the recovery of land areas to be handed over by agricultural and forestry companies to localities other than those specified at Point c of this Clause for handover to district-level People’s Committees of localities where exists land for management;
dd/ Based on local land use demands and the land use by agricultural and forestry companies, continue to review and recover land areas retained by agricultural and forestry companies according to approved plans for land use but not used directly by these companies but leased, lent, contracted or illegally contracted for management in accordance with law, implementation of land support policies for ethnic minority people under Article 16 of this Law, and socio-economic development.
2. District-level People’s Committees shall organize the management and use of land areas handed over by agricultural and forestry companies to localities for purposes specified in land-use master plans or land use plans; and formulate plans for use of the land areas specified at Points d and dd, Clause 1 of this Article as follows:
a/ To recognize land use rights for persons using agricultural or forestry land that was allocated, contracted, illegally contracted, leased, or borrowed from agricultural or forestry farms before February 1, 2015, in the form of land allocation by the State without collection of land use levy for the land areas they are using, which, however, must not exceed the agricultural land allocation quotas for individuals specified in Article 176 of this Law; the land use period shall be calculated from the issuance date of the certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets; land areas in excess of the quotas (if any) shall be prioritized to be allocated to the subjects specified at Points c, d and dd of this Clause or shifted to land lease;
b/ To recognize land use rights for land users that have documents on allocation of land for house construction or house construction in combination with agricultural or forestry production issued by state-owned agricultural and forestry farms before July 1, 2004; these land users shall be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets according to Clause 2, Article 137 of this Law;
c/ To allocate or lease land to implement land policies for ethnic minority people, people with meritorious services to the revolution, and people from poor households in their localities who have no land or lack land for production;
d/ To allocate or lease land to local individuals who have no land or lack land for production;
dd/ To allocate or lease land for use for public and other purposes in accordance with law;
e/ To allocate land areas not yet handled under Points a, b, c, d and dd of this Clause to commune-level People’s Committees for management.
3. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 182.
Paddy land
1. Paddy land includes specialized paddy land and remaining paddy land. Specialized paddy land is land with 2 or more rice crops per year.
2. The State shall adopt policies to support and invest in the construction of infrastructure and application of modern science and technology to the areas planned for high-productivity and high-quality rice cultivation; protect paddy land, and restrict the repurposing of paddy land into non-agricultural land.
3. Paddy land users shall improve and increase fertility of soil; may not use paddy land for other purposes without permission of competent state agencies.
4. Persons who are allocated or leased by the State land repurposed from specialized paddy land for use for non-agricultural purposes shall:
a/ Formulate plans for use of surface land in accordance with the law on crop production;
b/ Pay a certain amount of money in accordance with law for the State to supplement the lost specialized paddy land areas or improve use efficiency of paddy land, except projects using public investment capital or other state capital in accordance with the laws on public investment and construction;
c/ Implement regulations on environmental protection; refrain from affecting the cultivation in adjacent paddy land areas.
5. Paddy land users may change the structures of crop and livestock production on paddy land as long as such change does not result in loss of conditions necessary for resumption of rice cultivation as specified by the law on crop production; and use part of paddy land for construction of facilities directly serving agricultural production.
6. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 183.
Land for livestock production
1. Land for livestock production is land used for construction of livestock farms in separate areas in accordance with the law on livestock production.
2. The use of land for livestock production must comply with the following regulations:
a/ Implementing environmental protection, waste management and other measures in order not to affect land users in the areas and surrounding areas;
b/ Complying with the laws on investment and construction in case of using land for livestock production together with construction of land-attached facilities.
3. Economic organizations and individuals may be allocated or leased land by the State, acquire, lease, or receive land use rights contributed as capital to implement livestock investment projects.
4. People of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested economic organizations may be leased land by the State or receive land use rights contributed as capital from economic organizations in accordance with law to implement livestock investment projects.
Article 184.
Production forest land
1. The State shall allocate production forest land without collection of land use levy to the following subjects:
a/ Individuals directly engaged in agricultural production and permanently residing in geographical areas of commune-level units where exist production forests being planted forests, for land areas within the land allocation quota specified at Point b, Clause 3, Article 176 of this Law; for land areas under production forests being planted forests which exceed the land allocation quota, the regime of land lease shall apply;
b/ Residential communities in geographical areas of commune-level units where exists production forest land, if they have need therefor and are capable of protecting and developing forests;
c/ Units of the people’s armed forces located in geographical areas of commune-level units where exists production forest land, if they have need therefor and are capable of protecting and developing forests;
d/ Special-use forest management boards or protection forest management boards, for production forest land areas interspersed in special-use forest land or protection forest land areas.
2. The State shall lease production forest land to economic organizations, enterprises of the people’s armed forces and individuals in accordance with this Law.
3. Persons that are leased by the State land under production forests being natural forests may not transfer, sublease, mortgage, or contribute land use rights as capital and lease rights in land lease contracts with annual payment of land rental.
4. The subjects specified in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article may build infrastructure facilities to serve forest protection and development in accordance with the law on forestry.
5. The State shall lease production forest land to foreign-invested economic organizations to implement production forest planting projects.
Article 185.
Protection forest land
1. The State shall allocate protection forest land for forest management, use, protection and development in accordance with the law on forestry to the following subjects:
a/ Protection forest management boards, special-use forest management boards, units of the people’s armed forces;
b/ Economic organizations, for protection forest land interspersed in production forest land areas of such organizations;
c/ Individuals lawfully residing in geographical areas of commune-level units where exists protection forest land;
d/ Residential communities in geographical areas of commune-level units where exists protection forest land.
2. The subjects that are allocated protection forest land by the State as specified in Clause 1 of this Article may build infrastructure facilities to serve forest management, protection and development in accordance with the law on forestry.
3. The persons who are allocated land by the State as specified in Clause 1 of this Article shall be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets but shall not have assets being public assets recognized in the certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets.
4. Persons who are issued a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets specified in Clause 3 of this Article, except protection forest management boards or special-use forest management boards, may exercise land users’ rights and shall comply with Clause 8, Article 45 of this Law.
Article 186.
Special-use forest land
1. The State shall allocate special-use forest land for forest management, use, protection and development in accordance with the law on forestry to the following subjects:
a/ Special-use forest management boards;
b/ Forestry science and technology, and forestry vocational education and training organizations;
c/ Protection forest management boards, economic organizations, and units of the people’s armed force;
d/ Residential communities in geographical areas of commune-level units where exists special-use forest land.
2. Based on specific conditions, special-use forest management boards shall coordinate with local administrations in formulating immigration and resettlement projects and submitting them to competent agencies for approval so as to relocate people out of strictly protected zones of special-use forests.
3. Subjects that are allocated special-use forest land by the State as specified in Clause 1 of this Article may build infrastructure facilities to serve forest management, protection and development in accordance with the law on forestry.
4. Persons that are allocated land by the State as specified in Clause 1 of this Article shall be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets but shall not have assets being public assets recognized in the certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets.
Article 187.
Land for salt making
1. Land for salt making shall be allocated by the State to individuals within the land allocation quota specified in Article 176 for salt production. In case land users currently use land in excess of the land allocation quota, the excessive land area shall be subject to the land lease regime.
Land for salt making shall be leased by the State to economic organizations, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad or foreign-invested economic organizations to implement investment projects on salt production.
2. Salt-making land areas of high productivity and high quality shall be protected and primarily reserved for salt production.
3. The State shall encourage the use of land areas with potential for salt making for salt production to meet industrial and daily needs.
Article 188.
Land with water surfaces being ponds, lakes and lagoons
1. Land with water surfaces being ponds, lakes and lagoons shall be allocated by the State according to quotas for individuals to use for aquaculture and agricultural production purposes.
Land with water surfaces being ponds, lakes and lagoons shall be leased by the State to economic organizations, individuals, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad, and foreign-invested economic organizations to implement investment projects for aquaculture and agricultural production purposes or for combined agriculture and non-agricultural purposes.
The use of land must ensure landscape, environmental protection and protection of water resources.
2. The use of land with water surfaces being lakes and lagoons stretching over the geographical areas of more than one commune, ward or township shall be decided by district-level People’s Committees. The use of land with water surfaces being lakes and lagoons stretching over more than one urban district, rural district, town or provincial/municipal city shall be decided by provincial-level People’s Committees.
3. Economic organizations, individuals, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad or foreign-invested economic organizations that are allocated or leased land by the State to level or dig lakes and lagoons for water collection, storage and landscape creation must obtain permission from competent state agencies and carry out environmental impact assessment in accordance with the law on environmental protection.
Article 189.
Coastal land with water surface
1. Coastal land with water surface shall be allocated and leased by the State to economic organizations, individuals, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad or foreign-invested economic organizations for use for the purposes specified in this Law.
2. The use of coastal land with water surface is specified as follows:
a/ Conforming with land-use master plans or plans approved by competent state agencies;
b/ Protecting land and increasing the sedimentation process in coastal land;
c/ Protecting the ecosystem, environment and landscape;
d/ Not hampering the protection of national security and maritime navigation;
dd/ Protecting water quality in coastal areas; not causing salinization of aquifers.
3. The allocation and lease of coastal land with water surface for agricultural and non-agricultural purposes other than sea encroachment must comply with the land use regime in accordance with this Law, the Law of the Sea of Vietnam, the Law on Marine and Island Resources and Environment, and other relevant laws.
Article 190.
Sea encroachment
1. The State shall encourage organizations and individuals to use capital, technology and techniques to conduct sea encroachment activities; and adopt policies on supports and incentives for investors conducting sea encroachment activities in accordance with law.
2. Sea encroachment activities must adhere to the following principles:
a/ Ensuring national defense, security, sovereignty, jurisdiction, sovereign rights, and national interests at sea; conforming with other relevant laws and treaties to which the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is a contracting party;
b/ Being based on comprehensive assessment of economic, social and environmental factors, sustainable development assurance, biodiversity, natural elements, and impacts of disasters, climate change and sea level rise;
c/ Conforming with provincial master plans or district-level land-use master plans or construction master plans or urban master plans;
d/ Efficiently exploiting and using marine resources; ensuring the harmony of interests between organizations and individuals conducting sea encroachment activities and other related organizations and individuals; guaranteeing the right to access to the sea of people and residential communities;
dd/ Being implemented as investment projects or components of investment projects in accordance with law.
3. Sea encroachment in areas within the following zones shall be carried out only after obtaining investment policy approval or decision by the National Assembly or Prime Minister:
a/ Protection areas of historical-cultural relics and scenic landscapes recognized under the law on cultural heritages;
b/ Natural heritage sites as specified by the law on environmental protection;
c/ National parks, nature reserves, species and habitat conservation areas, landscape protected areas, and important wetlands declared under the laws on biodiversity and forestry;
d/ Marine conservation areas, fisheries resource protection areas, fishing ports, and anchorage and storm shelters for fishing vessels in accordance with the law on fisheries;
dd/ Seaport waters, waters in front of wharves, turning areas, anchorage areas, transshipment areas, storm shelters, pilot embarking/disembarking areas, quarantine areas, maritime navigation channels, and waters for construction of other supporting facilities in accordance with the maritime law;
e/ Estuaries and areas planned and used for national defense and security purposes.
4. In case sea areas for conducting sea encroachment activities have been determined in approved land-use master plans and investment policy for sea encroachment investment projects has been approved or decided by competent state agencies, the sea areas for conducting sea encroachment activities shall be managed and used like land on mainland.
5. State management responsibilities for sea encroachment activities are defined as follows:
a/ The Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment shall assist the Government in performing the unified state management of sea encroachment activities; inspect and examine sea encroachment and manage sea encroachment areas in accordance with law;
b/ Ministries and ministerial-level agencies shall, within the ambit of their tasks and powers, manage and examine sea encroachment activities; issue, guide and examine the implementation of regulations, standards, technical regulations, and techno-economic norms related to sea encroachment activities;
c/ Provincial-level People’s Committees shall manage, allocate and lease land for sea encroachment, inspect and examine sea encroachment activities, and manage and use sea encroachment areas in their localities in accordance with law.
6. The allocation of sea areas for conducting sea encroachment activities shall be carried out concurrently with allocation or lease of land for implementation of investment projects.
7. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 191.
Riparian and coastal alluvial land
1. Riparian and coastal alluvial land includes riparian and coastal land and river and sea floating alluvial grounds and islets.
2. The management and use of riparian and coastal alluvial land must comply with the following regulations:
a/ Riparian and coastal alluvial land in geographical areas of districts, towns or provincial/municipal cities shall be managed by the People’s Committees of such district-level administrative units;
b/ Riparian and coastal alluvial land shall be allocated and leased by the State to economic organizations, individuals, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad or foreign-invested economic organizations.
3. The State shall formulate land-use master plans or land use plans to put riparian and coastal alluvial land into use.
4. District-level People’s Committees shall investigate, survey, monitor and evaluate regularly accreted or eroded riparian and coastal alluvial land areas in order to adopt plans for exploitation and use. Competent state agencies shall consider and decide to allocate or lease regularly accreted or eroded riparian and coastal alluvial land areas to persons that have demand to use such land.
5. The use of riparian and coastal alluvial land areas shall be based on the principles of nature and biodiversity conservation, environmental protection, prevention and control of erosion of riverbeds, riverbanks and alluvial grounds, and disaster prevention and control.
Article 192.
Agricultural land consolidation
1. Agricultural land consolidation is the raising of ​​agricultural land areas to organize production by the following methods:
a/ Converting agricultural land use rights under land regrouping plans;
b/ Hiring land use rights;
c/ Carrying out production and business cooperation with land use rights.
2. Agricultural land consolidation must adhere to the following principles:
a/ Ensuring publicity, transparency, voluntariness, democracy and fairness;
b/ Ensuring lawful rights and interests of the State, land users and related organizations and individuals; not affecting national defense and security;
c/ Complying with the land law, civil law and other relevant laws; conforming with land-use master plans or land use plans approved by competent authorities;
d/ Conforming with the characteristics in terms of land, topographical conditions, climate, culture, labor restructuring, and career and employment change in rural areas of each region and locality and in line with market demand.
3. The State shall adopt policies to encourage organizations and individuals to carry out land consolidation for agricultural production; apply science and technology for economical and efficient use of land after consolidation.
Funds for measurement and revision of cadastral dossiers and issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to carry out land regrouping for the purpose of land consolidation for agricultural production shall be covered by the state budget.
4. Economic organizations and individuals carrying out agricultural land consolidation shall formulate plans for land use and send them to commune-level People’s Committees for monitoring. In case the plans for land use cover repurposing of land within the agricultural land group, economic organizations or individuals shall agree with concerned land users on the return of agricultural land after land consolidation. In case agricultural land consolidation leads to adjustment of land use rights, Article 219 of this Law shall be applied.
5. People’s Committees at all levels shall carry out public communication about, and disseminate, policies and laws on agricultural land consolidation and guide and support parties in implementing agricultural land consolidation and ensuring planning stability for consolidated land areas.
6. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 193.
Agricultural land accumulation
1. Agricultural land accumulation is the raising of agricultural land area of ​​land users to organize production by the following methods:
a/ Acquiring agricultural land use rights by transfer;
b/ Receiving agricultural land use rights contributed as capital.
2. Agricultural land accumulation must adhere to the following principles:
a/ Ensuring the lawful rights and interests of the State, land users and related organizations and individuals; not affecting national defense and security;
b/ Complying with the land law, civil law and relevant laws; using land for proper purposes and in conformity with land-use master plans or plans approved by competent agencies;
c/ Conforming with the characteristics in terms of land, topographical conditions, climate, culture and labor restructuring, and career and employment change in rural areas of each region and each locality and in line with market demand.
3. The State shall adopt policies to encourage organizations and individuals to apply science and technology for economical and efficient use of the accumulated land areas.
4. People’s Committees at all levels shall carry out public communication about, and disseminate policies and laws on land accumulation and guide and support parties in implementing agricultural land accumulation and ensuring planning stability for the accumulated land areas.
5. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 194.
Land for concentrated zones for farming, growing, production and processing of agricultural, forestry, and freshwater and saltwater aquatic products
1. Concentrated zones for farming, growing, production and processing of agricultural, forestry, and freshwater and saltwater aquatic products are the areas used for the performance of one or more than one task of research, experimentation, farming, growing, production, preservation, processing, and warehousing for agricultural, forestry, and freshwater and saltwater aquatic products.
2. The use of land to build concentrated zones for farming, growing, production and processing of agricultural, forestry, and freshwater and saltwater aquatic products must comply with land-use master plans or land use plans approved by competent agencies.
3. The State shall lease land for use as concentrated zones for farming, growing, production and processing of agricultural, forestry, and freshwater and saltwater aquatic products according to the following regulations:
a/ Implementing investment projects on construction and commercial operation of infrastructure for concentrated zones for farming, growing, production and processing of agricultural, forestry, and freshwater and saltwater aquatic products for sublease;
b/ Implementing projects on concentrated zones for farming, growing, production and processing of agricultural, forestry, and freshwater and saltwater aquatic products.
4. Investors that are leased land by the State with annual payment of land rental to invest in construction and commercial operation of infrastructure of concentrated zones for farming, growing, production and processing of agricultural, forestry, and freshwater and saltwater aquatic products may sublease land with annual payment of land rental; investors that are leased land by the State with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period may sublease land with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period or annual payment of land rental.
5. Persons that are subleased land in concentrated zones for farming, growing, production and processing of agricultural, forestry, and freshwater and saltwater aquatic products have:
a/ The rights and obligations specified in Article 33 of this Law, in case of being subleased land with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period;
b/ The rights and obligations specified in Article 34 of this Law, in case of being subleased land with annual rental payment.
6. Those that use land in concentrated zones for farming, growing, production and processing of agricultural, forestry, and freshwater and saltwater aquatic products shall use land for proper purposes as determined and shall be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets in accordance with this Law.
7. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 195.
Rural residential land
1. Rural residential land is land used for construction of houses and other facilities serving people’s daily life in the same land parcel in rural areas.
2. Based on the availability of land and practical situation in their localities, provincial-level People’s Committees shall determine quotas for allocation of residential land to households in rural areas.
3. Residential land in rural areas must be arranged in sync with land for construction of public facilities and non-business facilities, ensuring convenience for production, people’s daily life and environmental sanitation along the line of rural modernization.
4. The State shall adopt policies to create conditions for rural residents to have accommodation by making full use of land in existing residential quarters while restricting the expansion of residential quarters on agricultural land.
Article 196.
Urban residential land
1. Urban residential land is land for construction of houses and other facilities serving people’s daily life in the same land parcel in urban areas.
2. Based on the availability of land and practical situation in their localities, provincial-level People’s Committees shall determine quotas for allocation of residential land to individuals in urban areas.
3. Residential land in urban areas must be arranged in sync with land for construction of public facilities and non-business facilities, ensuring environmental sanitation and urban landscape.
4. The repurposing of residential land to land for construction of production and business establishments must conform with land-use master plans or plans and construction master plans approved by competent agencies and with regulations on public order, safety and environmental protection, and other relevant regulations.
Article 197.
Land for construction of condominiums
1. Land for construction of condominiums includes residential land for construction of condominiums and facilities in service of the daily life of residents living in the condominiums and land for construction of facilities in service of communities in accordance with construction master plans approved by competent agencies.
2. Land for construction of condominiums must be in sync with land for construction of public facilities and non-business facilities, ensuring environmental sanitation and urban landscape.
3. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 198.
Land for urban embellishment and embellishment of rural residential quarters
1. Land for urban embellishment includes land for embellishment of existing inner-city areas and land planned for expansion of existing urban areas.
Land for embellishment of rural residential areas includes land for embellishment of existing residential areas, agricultural land areas for public purposes, and land planned for expansion of existing residential areas.
2. The use of land for urban embellishment and land for embellishment of rural residential areas must conform with land-use master plans and plans and construction master plans approved by competent agencies, and construction standards and technical regulations issued by competent state agencies.
3. The State shall recover land, allocate land and lease land for implementation of projects on urban embellishment or embellishment of rural residential areas in the cases specified in Article 79 of this Law.
4. Organizations and individuals may contribute land use rights to projects on construction and embellishment of facilities in service of common interests of communities funded with people’s contributions or the State’s supports. Organizations and individuals shall themselves negotiate on the voluntary contribution of land use rights, compensation or support. The contribution of land use rights and adjustment of land must comply with Article 219 of this Law.
Article 199.
Land for construction of working offices and non-business facilities
1. Land for construction of working offices includes land under working offices of agencies of the Communist Party of Vietnam, state agencies, the Vietnam Fatherland Front, socio-political organizations, socio-political-professional organizations, socio-professional organizations, social organizations and other organizations that are established in accordance with law and have tasks assigned and recurrent expenditures covered by the State.
2. Land for construction of non-business facilities includes land of the types specified at Point d, Clause 3, Article 9 of this Law.
3. The use of land specified in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article must conform with land-use master plans and plans and construction master plans approved by competent agencies.
4. Representatives of agencies or organizations to which land is allocated or leased shall be responsible for preserving the allocated or leased land areas and ensuring that land is used for proper purposes.
5. In case the management, use and exploitation of the land areas specified in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article are regulated by the law on management and use of public assets, the law on management and use of public assets shall apply; issues that are not specified by the law on management and use of public assets must comply with this Law.
Article 200.
Land for national defense and security purposes
1. Land for national defense and security purposes includes land used for the purposes specified in Article 78 of this Law.
2. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the Ministry of National Defense and Ministry of Public Security in, performing the state management of land for national defense and security purposes within the scope of administrative management of their localities.
3. For land areas that are planned for national defense and security purposes but not used yet, current land users may continue using land until competent state agencies issue land recovery decisions but must not cause deformation to the natural terrain.
4. In case of recovery of land for national defense and security purposes for implementing socio-economic development projects for national and public purposes, it shall not be required to carry out rearrangement and handling of public assets in accordance with the law on management and use of public assets.
5. The management and use of land-attached assets that are public assets of public non-business units under the Ministry of National Defense and Ministry of Public Security other than those using land for national defense and security purposes in combination with conducting production and economic development activities specified in Article 201 of this Law must comply with the law on management and use of public assets.
6. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 201.
Using land for national defense and security purposes in combination with conducting production and economic development activities
1. The regime of using land for national defense and security purposes in combination with conducting production and economic development activities shall apply to the following subjects:
a/ Military units, public security units, and public non-business units under the People’s Army and People’s Public Security forces;
b/ State enterprises under the management of the Ministry of National Defense and Ministry of Public Security.
2. For land for national defense and security purposes currently managed and used by the subjects specified in Clause 1 of this Article, when using such land for production and economic development in combination with performing military, national defense and security tasks, these subjects shall formulate plans for land use and submit them to the Minister of National Defense or Minister of Public Security for consideration and approval and pay land use levy on an annual basis.
For cases of using land for national defense and security purposes in combination with conducting production and economic development activities to serve inmate education, labor, reformation, career orientation and vocational training; physical exercise and promotion of farming activities to increase food self-supply capacity and improve meal quality; and provision of auxiliary logistic-technical services, it is not required to pay land use levy.
3. The subjects specified in Clause 1 of this Article, when using land for national defense and security purposes in combination with conducting production and economic development activities, have the following rights and obligations:
a/ To carry our production and business activities according to plans approved by the Minister of National Defense or Minister of Public Security;
b/ To enjoy the fruits of labor, outcomes of investment on land, and other benefits in accordance with law;
c/ Not to be entitled to compensation for land and land-attached assets when terminating plans on use of land for national defense and security purposes in combination with conducting production and economic development activities to perform military, national defense and security tasks;
d/ Not to transfer, donate and lease land use rights;
dd/ Not to mortgage or contribute land use rights as capital;
e/ Not to arbitrarily repurpose land;
g/ Not to transfer, lease, donate, mortgage, or contribute land-attached assets as capital, for the subjects specified at Point a, Clause 1 of this Article;
h/ To lease, mortgage, or contribute land-attached assets as capital according to plans approved by the Minister of National Defense or Minister of Public Security, for the subjects specified at Point b, Clause 1 of this Article. The purchase and sale of land-attached assets and handling of mortgaged assets and assets contributed as capital may only be carried out between the subjects specified in Clause 1 of this Article according to the plans approved by the Minister of National Defense or Minister of Public Security;
i/ To fulfill all financial obligations under regulations.
4. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 202.
Land for industrial parks and cottage industry zones
1. The management and use of land for industrial parks and cottage industry zones, including information technology parks, must conform with land-use master plans and plans and construction master plans approved by competent agencies.
2. The State shall lease land for implementation of investment projects on construction and commercial operation of infrastructure of industrial parks and cottage industry zones.
For investment projects on construction and commercial operation of infrastructure of industrial parks and cottage industry zones in geographical areas eligible for investment incentives in accordance with the law on investment, border districts and island districts that fail to attract investors, the State shall allocate land or lease land to public non-business units for investing in construction and commercial operation of infrastructure of industrial parks and cottage industry zones.
3. Project owners that are leased land by the State to invest in the construction and commercial operation of infrastructure of industrial parks and cottage industry zones with annual payment of land rental are entitled to shift to the regime of land lease with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period for the whole or part of business land areas.
Project owners may sublease the land areas leased with annual payment of land rental in the form of annual payment of land rental; sublease the land areas leased with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period in the form of one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period or annual payment of land rental; and are not required to pay land rental for the land areas for construction of shared-use infrastructure in industrial parks and cottage industry zones according to construction master plans approved by competent authorities.
4. The land use period applicable to investment projects in industrial parks and cottage industry zones shall depend on the operation duration of such investment projects.
In case the operation duration of these investment projects is longer than the remaining land use period of the industrial park or cottage industrial zone, the project owner shall seek competent state agencies’ permission to adjust the land use period as appropriate but the total land use period must not exceed 70 years and the project owner shall pay land use levy or land rental for the land area for which the use period is adjusted.
5. Those subleased land together with infrastructure in industrial parks and cottage industry zones have:
a/ The rights and obligations specified in Article 33 of this Law, in case of sublease of land with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period;
b/ The rights and obligations specified in Article 34 of this Law, in case of sublease of land with annual payment of land rental.
6. Project owners shall reserve land with infrastructure to sublease to small- and medium-sized enterprises and establishments relocated due to environmental pollution.
The State shall adopt policies on reduction of rental for sublease of land in industrial parks and cottage industry zones for the cases specified in this Clause. The reduced rental amounts shall be returned to project owners by deducting the land rental amounts payable by project owners in accordance with the regulations on collection of land rental.
Provincial-level People’s Committees shall, based on the actual situation in their localities, determine the area of land for small- and medium-sized enterprises and establishments relocated due to environmental pollution.
7. Land areas for building industrial park workers’ lodgings under master plans shall be managed as commercial and service land and entitled to incentives in accordance with law.
8. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall determine the need to build housing areas and public facilities outside industrial parks to serve the life of industrial park workers so as to include them in land-use master plans and plans, urban master plans and rural master plans; arrange and allocate land for the people’s public security forces to ensure security and order for industrial parks.
9. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 203.
Land for economic zones
1. Land for economic zones is the land for functional areas of economic zones, including:
a/ Land for non-tariff zones, bonded zones, export processing zones and industrial parks;
b/ Land for entertainment areas and tourist areas;
c/ Land for urban areas and residential areas;
d/ Land for administrative areas and other functional areas in conformity with the characteristics of each economic zone in order to create especially favorable investment and business environment for investors.
2. The establishment or expansion of economic zones must conform with approved provincial master plans, ensuring economical and efficient use of land.
3. The recovery, allocation and lease of land in economic zones must comply with this Law.
4. Economic zone management boards shall coordinate with units and organizations in charge of compensation and ground clearance work in carrying out compensation, support and resettlement for the recovered land areas in economic zones.
5. The use duration of land for production and business activities in economic zones must comply with Article 172 of this Law.
6. Persons using land in economic zones are entitled to invest in the construction and commercial operation of housing areas and infrastructure, and conduct production, business and service activities, and have the rights and obligations specified in this Law.
7. The State shall promote investment in the construction and commercial operation of infrastructure in economic zones.
8. The land use regime and rights and obligations of land users in economic zones shall be applied depending on each type of land in accordance with this Law.
9. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 204.
Land for hi-tech parks
1. Land for hi-tech parks is land serving hi-tech activities in accordance with the law on high technology and relevant laws, including also land for hi-tech agricultural zones and hi-tech forestry zones. The use of land for hi-tech parks must conform with land-use master plans and plans and construction master plans approved by competent authorities.
The planning and establishment of hi-tech parks must be carried out concurrently with the planning and construction of housing areas and public facilities outside hi-tech parks to serve the life of experts and workers working in hi-tech parks.
2. The State shall lease land with annual collection of land rental or one-off collection of land rental for the entire lease period so as to invest in the construction and commercial operation of infrastructure in hi-tech parks. The use period of land in hi-tech parks must conform with operation duration of investment projects but not exceed 70 years.
3. Persons using land in hi-tech parks shall use land for the purposes stated in land allocation decisions or land lease contracts and shall be issued certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, and have:
a/ The rights and obligations specified in Article 33 of this Law, for cases of being subleased land with one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease period;
b/ The rights and obligations specified in Article 34 of this Law, for cases of being subleased land with annual payment of land rental;
4. The State shall encourage individuals, economic organizations, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested economic organizations to invest in the construction and commercial operation of infrastructure in hi-tech parks and use land for science and technology development.
5. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall arrange and allocate land for the people’s public security forces to ensure security and order for hi-tech parks.
6. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 205.
Land for mineral activities
1. Land for mineral activities includes land used for mineral exploration and exploitation, and land for auxiliary facilities for mineral activities.
2. The use of land for mineral activities must comply with the following provisions:
a/ Having a license for mineral exploration and exploitation in accordance with the law on minerals;
b/ Having a decision on land lease issued by a competent state agency for mineral exploitation or use as auxiliary facilities to serve mineral exploitation and processing. In case of exploiting minerals without using surface soil or affecting the use of surface soil, project owners will not be required to hire land;
c/ Applying suitable technological measures to exploit and use land reasonably and economically in mineral exploration and exploitation; taking measures of environmental protection, waste treatment and other measures so as to avoid causing damage to land users in areas where mineral activities are carried out and surrounding areas;
d/ Using land in conformity with the progress of mineral exploitation projects and mineral exploitation licenses approved by competent agencies. Land users shall return land in accordance with the progress of mineral exploitation and with the status of surface soil as specified in land lease contracts.
3. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall consider arranging and allocating land for the people’s public security forces to ensure security and order for areas of mining activities upon request.
Article 206.
Land for commercial and service activities; land for non-agricultural production establishments
1. Land for commercial or service activities includes land for construction of commercial or service establishments and other facilities serving business, commercial or service activities.
Land for non-agricultural production establishments includes land for construction of non-agricultural production establishments outside industrial parks and cottage industry zones.
2. The use of land for commercial and service activities and land for non-agricultural production establishments must be in line with land-use master plans and plans, urban construction master plans and master plans on development of rural residential areas approved by competent agencies, and environmental protection regulations.
3. Economic organizations and individuals may use land for commercial and service activities and land for non-agricultural production establishments in the forms of land lease by the State; acquisition of land use rights; lease and sublease of land and receipt of land use rights contributed as capital from other economic organizations and individuals and from people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad; and sublease of land with infrastructure from foreign-invested organizations.
People of Vietnamese origin residing abroad may use land for commercial and service activities and land for non-agricultural production establishments in the forms of land lease by the State; lease and sublease of land from other economic organizations, individuals and people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad; and sublease of land with infrastructure from foreign-invested organizations. People of Vietnamese origin residing abroad specified in Clause 1, Article 44 of this Law are also entitled to acquire land use rights by inheritance or donation for use for construction of commercial, service or non-agricultural production establishments.
Foreign-invested economic organizations may use land for commercial and service activities and land for non-agricultural production establishments in the forms of land lease by the State; lease or sublease of land from economic organizations and people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad; sublease of land with infrastructure from other foreign-invested economic organizations; and receipt of land use rights contributed as capital from economic organizations, foreign-invested economic organizations and people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad.
Article 207.
Land for public purposes or for implementation of investment projects in the form of public-private partnership
1. The use of land for public purposes must be in line with land-use master plans and plans, specialized master plans covering land use approved by competent agencies.
2. For land for public purposes, it is required to demarcate land areas used for non-business purposes and land areas used for business purpose.
The land areas used for non-business purposes shall be allocated by the State without collection of land use levy under Article 118 of this Law. The land areas for business purposes shall be leased by the State under Article 120 of this Law.
3. The State shall allocate land or lease land to investors to implement land-using investment projects in the form of public-private partnership in accordance with this Law.
4. The management and use of land and financial obligations for implementation of investment projects in the form of public-private partnership must comply with this Law and the Law on Investment in the Form of Public-Private Partnership.
5. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall arrange and allocate land to the people’s public security forces upon request so as to ensure security and order in the land areas used for public purposes and land for implementing investment projects in the form of public-private partnership.
Article 208.
Land for civil airports and aerodromes
1. Land for civil airports and aerodromes includes:
a/ Land for construction of working offices of state agencies, people’s armed forces at airports and aerodromes, land for construction of infrastructure facilities of State-owned aerodrome infrastructure facilities and auxiliary facilities therein.
b/ Land for construction of items belonging to infrastructure of airports and facilities for aviation and non-aviation services that are not specified at Point a of this Clause.
2. Based on land-use master plans and plans and master plans on civil airports and aerodromes approved by competent agencies, provincial-level People’s Committees shall allocate and lease land according to the following provisions:
a/ To allocate the land specified at Point a, Clause 1 of this Article in the form of land allocation without collection of land use levy;
b/ To lease the land specified at Point b, Clause 1 of this Article in the form of land lease with annual collection of land rental;
c/ To allocate the land areas left after allocating and leasing land under Points a and b of this Clause to airport authorities for management.
3. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall arrange and allocate land for the people’s public security forces to ensure security and order for civil airports and aerodromes.
4. Civil airports and aerodromes that are built under land-using public-private partnership investment projects must comply with Article 207 of this Law.
5. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 209.
Land for railways
1. Land for railways includes:
a/ Land for construction of national and urban railway infrastructure; land for construction of working offices of state agencies for regular operations in railway stations;
b/ Land for construction of specialized railway infrastructure and railway industrial facilities;
c/ Land for construction of service facilities related to passenger transport, cargo transport and other commercial service facilities within the land areas for construction of railway infrastructure.
2. The allocation and lease of land for railways are carried out according to the following provisions:
a/ The regime of land allocation without collection of land use levy shall apply to the land specified at Point a, Clause 1 of this Article;
b/ The regime of land lease with annual payment of land rental and land rental exemption shall apply to the land specified at Point b, Clause 1 of this Article;
c/ The regime of land lease with annual payment of land rental shall apply to the land specified at Point c, Clause 1 of this Article.
3. For land for railways that has been allocated or leased before the effective date of this Law, the State shall consider issuing certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets in a form provided in Clause 2 of this Article.
4. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall arrange and allocate land to the people’s public security forces to ensure security and order for railway station areas.
Article 210.
Land for construction of works and areas with safety corridors
1. Land for construction of works and areas with safety corridors includes:
a/ Land for construction of works and areas with safety corridors as prescribed by relevant laws and safety corridors for such works and areas;
b/ Land for construction of defense works and military zones and land within the safety corridors, protected areas or safety belts of defense works and military zones in accordance with law on management and protection of defense works and military zones.
2. The use of land for construction of facilities with safety corridors must ensure the use of both the aerial and underground space with works of different types arranged in the same land area in order to use land in an economical manner and ensure compliance with relevant laws.
3. For land within the safety corridors of works, protected areas and safety belts, land users may continue using the land for the defined purposes and in accordance with law; must not hinder the protection of safety for such works and areas with safety corridors, except cases subject to relocation in accordance with relevant laws.
In case the use of land within the safety corridors, protected areas and safety belts hinders the protection of safety for works and areas with safety corridors, the owners of such works and the land users shall take remedial measures. In case of failure to remedy the problems, the State will recover the land and pay compensation in accordance with law.
4. Agencies or organizations directly managing works and areas with safety corridors shall publicize information about boundary marks of the safety corridors, safety areas and belts, and take the main responsibility for the protection of such works and areas with safety corridors; in case the land within safety corridors, protected areas or safety belts is illegally encroached, occupied or used, the agencies or organizations shall promptly report thereon to, and request, commune-level People’s Committees of the localities where the safety corridors are illegally encroached, occupied or used to handle the violations.
The use of land within protected areas and safety belts of defense works and military zones must comply with the Law on Management and Use of Defense Works and Military Zones.
5. The People’s Committees of all levels of the localities where exist works and areas with safety corridors shall coordinate with the agencies or organizations directly managing these works and areas in carrying out public communication about, and disseminating, the laws on protection safety for works and areas; publicizing information about boundary marks for land use within the safety corridors; and promptly dealing with illegal occupation, encroachment or use of safety corridors of these works and areas.
6. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 211.
Land with historical-cultural relics, landscapes and natural heritages
1. Land with historical-cultural relics, landscapes and natural heritages which are ranked or included in the list of relic inventory in accordance with the law on cultural heritages shall be managed according to the following provisions:
a/ Organizations, individuals and communities that directly manage land with historical-cultural relics, landscapes and natural heritages in accordance with law shall assume the main responsibility for the use of such land;
b/ Commune-level People’s Committees shall assume the main responsibility for the management of land with historical-cultural relics, landscapes and natural heritages in their localities which are not specified at Point a of this Clause;
c/ If land with historical-cultural relics, landscapes and natural heritages is encroached, occupied or used for improper or illegal purposes, commune-level People’s Committees of the localities where exists such land shall detect, prevent and handle violations according to their competence or propose competent agencies or persons to handle these violations in accordance with law.
2. The use of land with historical-cultural relics, landscapes and natural heritages in combination with other purposes must comply with the requirements specified in Article 218 of this Law, the Law on Culture Heritage, and other relevant laws.
3. Persons that use land in protected areas of historical-cultural relics and landscapes according to the Law on Cultural Heritages may exercise land users’ rights in accordance with this Law but may not affect the original constituents of historical-cultural relics, scenic spots, natural landscapes and the ecological environment of the relics; in case the State recovers land for management and use for the purposes of restoring, protecting, and promoting the value of, historical-cultural relics and landscapes, land users will be entitled to compensation, support and resettlement in accordance with this Law.
Article 212.
Land for belief activities
1. Land for belief activities is land under belief works, including communal houses, temples, shrines, hermitages and ancestral temples; pagodas other than those specified in Clause 1, Article 213 of this Law; and other belief works.
2. Land for belief activities shall be used properly and in accordance with land-use master plans and plans and construction master plans approved by competent agencies.
3. The use of land for belief activities in combination with commercial and service activities must satisfy requirements specified in Clause 2, Article 218 of this Law.
Article 213.
Land for religious activities
1. Land for religious activities includes land for construction of religious establishments, head offices of religious organizations and dependent religious organizations and other lawful religious works.
2. Land for construction of religious establishments, head offices of religious organizations and dependent religious organizations shall be allocated by the State without collection of land use levy.
3. For cases other than those specified in Clause 2 of this Article, the State shall lease land with annual payment of land rental to religious organizations and dependent religious organizations.
4. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall, based on practical needs for religious activities and availability of land in their localities, provide land allocation quotas and decide on the area of land to be allocated to religious organizations and dependent religious organizations in their localities.
5. The use of land for religious activities in combination with commercial and service activities must satisfy the requirements specified in Clause 2, Article 218 of this Law.
6. In case the State recovers land for religious activities specified in Clause 2 of this Article, the State shall arrange new locations in conformity with availability of land in localities and religious practice of religious believers.
Article 214.
Land for cemeteries, funeral homes and cremation facilities; land for columbaria
1. Land for cemeteries, funeral homes and cremation facilities; and land for columbaria shall be arranged in concentrated areas in conformity with land-use master plans or construction master plans, ensuring sanitation and environmental protection  and economical use of land.
2. It is forbidden to build cemeteries, funeral homes, cremation facilities and columbaria in contravention of land-use master plans and plans and construction master plans approved by competent agencies.
3. Land for cemeteries, funeral homes and cremation facilities; land for columbaria shall be allocated and leased by the State to economic organizations according to the following provisions:
a/ To allocate land with collection of land use levy for construction of columbaria and implementation of investment projects on cemetery infrastructure for transfer of the right to use land together with columbaria infrastructure;
b/ To lease land for construction of funeral homes and cremation facilities.
4. Land for cemeteries, funeral homes and cremation facilities and land for columbaria that do not fall in the cases specified in Clause 3 of this Article shall be allocated by the State to commune-level People’s Committees or public non-business units for management.
Article 215.
Land with special-use water surface and rivers, streams, canals, springs
1. Land with special-use water surface is land with water surface of hydrological objects such as ponds, lakes and lagoons that have been determined for use for purposes other than aquaculture.
2. Based on the determined main use purpose, land with special-use water surface and rivers, streams, canals, springs shall be managed and used in accordance with the following provisions:
a/ The State shall allocate land with special-use water surface to organizations for management in combination with use and exploitation of such land for non-agricultural purposes, or non-agricultural purposes in combination with aquaculture and fishing;
b/ The State shall lease land with rivers, streams, canals or springs with annual payment of land rental to economic organizations, individuals, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested organizations for use for aquacultural or for non-agricultural purposes or non-agricultural purposes in combination with aquaculture, provide that such activities comply with the law on water resources;
c/ The State shall lease land with water surfaces being hydropower and irrigation reservoirs for use for non-agricultural purposes in combination with aquaculture and fishing according to its competence;
d/ The State shall allocate and lease land within the protected areas and in vicinities of dams and reservoirs of hydroelectric and hydraulic structures to organizations and individuals for management in combination with the use and exploitation of land with water surface with use of land for use purposes in accordance with relevant laws, provided that such activities are licensed by competent state agencies according to regulations.
3. The exploitation and use of land with special-use water surface and rivers, streams, canals, springs must not affect the determined main land use purpose; and must comply with the technical regulations of the related sectors and fields and regulations on environmental and landscape protection, and may not obstruct natural flows and waterway transportation.
Article 216.
Land for construction of underground works
1. Land for construction of underground works includes land used for construction of above-ground works serving the operation and use of underground works and underground space for construction of underground works that are not parts of above-ground works.
2. Land users may transfer, lease and sublease underground space after such space is determined by the State in accordance with the law on construction, law on urban master plan and law on architecture.
3. The State shall encourage organizations and individuals to use capital and apply techniques and technologies to implement projects on construction of underground works and, at the same time, adopt support policies and provide incentives for investors in accordance with law.
4. The use of land for construction of underground works must satisfy the following requirements:
a/ Ensuring national defense, security, environmental protection, sustainable development, and protection of historical-cultural relics and scenic spots;
b/ Conforming with construction and urban master plans;
c/ Making compensation in accordance with law if causing damage to the land use of land users on the surface of underground works;
d/ The construction of underground works must be carried out under investment projects or components of investment projects in accordance with law;
dd/ Complying with the law on construction.
5. The allocation and lease of land for construction of above-ground works serving the operation, exploitation and use of underground works shall be carried out according to the following provisions:
a/ To allocate land without collection of land use levy in case land is used to build above-ground works to serve the operation, exploitation and use of underground works for non-business purposes;
b/ To lease land with annual payment of land rental in case land is used to build above-ground works to serve the operation, exploitation and use of underground works for business purposes.
6. The issuance of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for land for construction of underground works shall be carried out according to the following provisions:
a/ Owners of projects on construction of underground works shall be issued  a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for the land area for construction of above-ground works to serve the operation, exploitation and use of underground works, and may exercise the rights of land users in accordance with this Law;
b/ Owners of projects on construction of underground works shall have their ownership of underground works certified and exercise owners’ rights in accordance with law.
7. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 217.
Land managed by state agencies and organizations
1. Land managed by state agencies and organizations is land that has not yet been allocated or leased or has been allocated for management, including:
a/ Land for public purposes;
b/ Land of rivers, streams, canals, streams, ponds, lakes and lagoons;
c/ Land for cemeteries, funeral homes, cremation facilities; land for columbaria;
d) Land with special-use water surface;
dd/ Special-use forest land, protection forest land, production forest land;
e/ Land recovered and allocated by the State to land fund development organizations for management;
g/ Land recovered and allocated by the State to commune-level People’s Committees for management in the cases specified at Point dd, Clause 1, and Clause 3, Article 82; Clause 2, Article 82 in rural areas; Clause 5, Article 86; and Point e, Clause 2, Article 181, of this Law;
h/ Land returned by, and land with land use rights transferred from, foreign organizations with diplomatic functions that no longer need to use land, which must comply with treaties, international agreements and relevant laws;
i/ Agricultural land for use for community interests of communes, wards and townships;
k/ Unused land.
2. State agencies and organizations assigned to manage the land specified in Clause 1 of this Article shall manage and preserve land areas assigned to them for management; the use of the above-mentioned land areas must comply with the corresponding land use regime in accordance with this Law.
Article 218.
Use of land for multiple purposes
1. The following types of land may be used for multiple purposes, specifically as follows:
a/ Agricultural land may be used in combination with commercial and service purposes, livestock production, and medicinal plant growing;
b/ Land for public purposes may be used in combination with commercial and service purposes;
c/ Land for construction of public non-business works may be used in combination with commercial and service purposes;
d/ Residential land may be used in combination with agricultural, commercial, service and non-business purposes and construction of non-business units for commercial purposes;
dd/ Land with water surface may be used for multiple purposes as specified in Articles 188, 189 and 215 of this Law;
e/ Land for religious activities and land for belief activities may be used in combination with commercial and service purposes;
g/ Land specified in Clauses 2 and 3, Article 9 of this Law may be used in combination for agricultural purposes, construction of post and telecommunications infrastructure, technology, information, outdoor advertising, and solar power facilities.
2. Multi-purpose use of land must meet the following requirements:
a/ Not changing the type of land according to land classification specified in Clauses 2 and 3, Article 9 and determined in the documents specified in Article 10 of this Law;
b/ Not resulting in loss of necessary conditions for the use of land the main purpose;
c/ Not affecting national defense and security;
d/ Restricting impacts on conservation of natural ecosystems, biodiversity and environmental landscape;
dd/ Not affecting the use of adjacent land parcels;
e/ Fulfilling all financial obligations under regulations;
g/ Complying with relevant laws.
3. In case a public non-business unit uses land to build non-business works in combination with commercial and service purposes, the land use regime applicable to the area used for combined purposes shall shift to land lease with annual payment of land rental.
4. In cases of using land in combination of commercial and service purposes specified at Points a, b, c, d, dd and e, Clause 1 of this Article, land users shall formulate plans for land use and submit them to competent agencies for approval. A plan for use of land for combined purposes must include:
a/ Information about the land parcel and land area currently in use: location, area, form of land use; land use period;
b/ The land area to be used for combined purposes and the combined purpose, use duration of the land area to be used for combined purposes;
c/ Explanation about satisfaction of requirements under the law on environmental protection and other relevant laws.
5. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 219.
Contribution of land use rights and land readjustment
1. Contribution of land use rights and land readjustment constitute a method of rearranging land in a certain land area on the basis of land users’ consensus in order to readjust the whole or part of land areas under these land users’ use rights in such area according to a plan approved by a competent agency.
2. Contribution of land use rights and land readjustment shall be carried out in the following cases:
a/ Consolidating agricultural land for production;
b/ Implementing projects on embellishment and development of rural residential quarters, expansion and upgrading of rural roads;
c/ Implementing projects on urban embellishment and development; renovation, upgrading or reconstruction of condominiums; expansion and upgrading of urban roads.
3. Conditions for contribution of land use rights and land readjustment are as follows:
a/ Being conformable with land-use master plans and plans; construction master plans; and urban master plans approved by competent agencies;
b/ Obtaining the consensus of land users in the area subject to contribution of land use rights and land readjustment and approval from provincial-level People’s Committees, for the case specified at Point c, Clause 2 of this Article, or district-level People’s Committees, for the case specified at Point b, Clause 2 of this Article, for the plans on contribution of land use rights and land readjustment.
4. A plan on contribution of land use rights and land readjustment must include:
a/ The current quo of land use in the area subject to readjustment and the parties contributing land use rights;
b/ A land rearrangement plan, which must show the design plan for technical infrastructure, social infrastructure and environmental infrastructure, and the proportion of land areas contributed by land users for construction of technical infrastructure facilities and provision of public services;
c/ Location and area of ​​land parcels returned to land users after land readjustment.
5. The use of land managed by state agencies and organizations in areas subject to contribution of land use rights and land readjustment is as follows:
a/ To use such land for construction and upgrading of the system of infrastructure facilities and public services in residential quarters;
b/ To organize auctions of land use rights for the land area left after using land according to Point a of this Clause and use proceeds from auctions of land use rights for implementation of projects.
6. The contribution of land use rights and land readjustment must be implemented under investment projects formulated by land users by their own or in association with investors in accordance with law.
7. Provincial- and district-level People’s Committees have the following responsibilities:
a/ To provide information on the current quo of land use, land-use master plans and plans; construction master plans; and urban master plans approved by competent authorities that are related to areas subject to contribution of land use right and land readjustment;
b/ To issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets according to approved plans on contribution of land use rights and land readjustment.
8. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 220.
Splitting and consolidation of land parcels
1. The splitting and consolidation of a land parcel must ensure the following principles and conditions:
a/ The land parcel has been issued one of the following certificates: certificate of land use rights, certificate of house ownership and residential land use rights, certificate of land use rights and ownership of houses and other land-attached assets, certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets;
b/ The use period of the land parcel has not expired;
c/ The land parcel is dispute-free, is not distrained to secure judgment enforcement, and is not subject to interim emergency measures by competent state agencies.
In case the land parcel is disputed but it is possible to determine the area and boundary of the land area in dispute, the remaining dispute-free area of the parcel of land may be split or consolidated;
d/ The land parcel, after being split or consolidated, must have a pathway and be accessible from existing public roads, and meet water supply and drainage and other necessary demands in a reasonable manner. In case the land user reserves part of ​​a residential land parcel or a land parcel containing residential land and land of other types for use as a pathway, when the land parcel is split or consolidated, the land user shall not be required to carry out procedures for land repurposing for the land area used for pathway.
2. In addition to the principles and conditions specified in Clause 1 of this Article, the splitting of land parcels must also meet the following conditions:
a/ The land areas of land parcels split from a land parcel must at least equal the minimum area prescribed for land of corresponding type according to regulations of provincial-level People’s Committees;
In case the area of the to-be-split land parcel is smaller than the minimum area required for splitting of land parcels, such land parcel shall be split and concurrently consolidated with the adjacent land parcel;
b/ In case of repurposing part of a land parcel, the land parcel must be split. The minimum area of ​​the land parcel after being split must be equal to or larger than the minimum area of a land parcel of ​​the land type after repurposing. For a land parcel containing residential land and land of other types, it is not required to split the land parcel upon repurposing part of the land parcel, unless the land user so wishes;
c/ In case of division of land use rights under courts’ judgments or rulings, if the division does not meet the conditions for splitting of land parcels and requirements on area and size of land parcels eligible for splitting under regulations, the land parcels shall not be split.
3. In addition to the principles and conditions specified in Clause 1 of this Article, the consolidation of land parcels must meet the following conditions:
a/ Land parcels to be consolidated must have the same land use purpose, land use period, and form of land rental payment, except cases of consolidating the whole or part of land parcels containing residential land and land of other types with one another and consolidating land parcels containing residential land and land of other types with residential land parcels;
b/ The consolidation of land parcels that have different use purposes, land use period and form of land rental payment must be carried out concurrently with procedures for land repurposing, adjustment of land use period, and change of form of land rental payment for these land parcels to have the same use purpose, land use period and form of land rental payment in accordance with law.
4. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall base themselves on Clauses 1, 2 and 3 of this Article, other relevant laws and local customs and practices to specify conditions and requirements on minimum areas of land parcels eligible for splitting and consolidation applicable to each type of land.
Article 221.
Management of unused land
1. Commune-level People’s Committees shall manage and protect unused land in their localities, register such land in cadastral dossiers and report on the management and exploitation of unused land to immediate superior-level People’s Committees.
2. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall manage unused land on islands not yet allocated to district- and commune-level administrative units for management.
Article 222.
Putting of unused land into use
1. Based on land-use master plans and plans approved by competent agencies, People’s Committees of all levels shall make plans for putting of unused land into use.
2. The State shall encourage organizations and individuals to make investment to put unused land into use in accordance with land-use master plans and plans approved by competent agencies.
3. Land areas planned for agricultural purposes shall be allocated with priority to local individuals that have not been allocated land or lack land for production.
4. The State shall adopt policies on investment in infrastructure for border areas, islands, areas with difficult socio-economic conditions, areas with extremely difficult socio-economic conditions, and sparsely populated areas so as to implement plans on putting of unused land into use; and policies on land use levy and land rental exemption or reduction for cases of allocation and lease of unused land for use.
5. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall use revenues from grant of permission for repurposing of paddy land to land for other purposes and funds from other lawful sources for improvement and putting of unused land into use.
Chapter XIV
LAND-RELATED ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURES
Article 223.
Land-related administrative procedures
1. Land-related administrative procedures include:
a/ Procedures for land recovery, land allocation, land lease, land repurposing, extension of land use period, and adjustment of land use period;
b/ Procedures for registration of land and land-attached assets;
c/ Procedures for grant of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets; procedures for correction, revocation and cancellation of granted certificates;
d/ Procedures for exercise of rights of land users;
dd/ Procedures for splitting or consolidation of land parcels;
e/ Procedures for enforcement of decisions on compulsory inventory and enforcement of land recovery decisions;
g/ Procedures for conciliation and settlement of land disputes at administrative agencies;
h/ Procedures for sanctioning of administrative violations in the field of land;
i/ Procedures for provision of land-related information and data;
k/ Other land-related administrative procedures.
2. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 224.
Principles of performance of land-related administrative procedures
1. Ensuring the equality, objectivity, publicity, transparency and close, timely and accurate coordination among competent agencies in the course of settlement of administrative procedures.
2. Ensuring simple, easy-to-understand, easy-to-implement and integrated methods for carrying out land-related administrative procedures to save time, cost and labor of organizations, individuals and competent agencies, thus contributing to reforming administrative procedures.
3. Organizations and individuals that request the performance of land-related administrative procedures shall take responsibility before law for the accuracy and truthfulness of contents declared and documents included in their submitted dossiers.
4. Land-related administrative procedures shall be carried out in person, by post or electronically, and their performance results have the same legal validity.
5. Agencies in charge of carrying out administrative procedures shall settle administrative procedures according to their competence within law-specified time limits and bear no responsibility for the contents of documents and papers in the dossiers that have previously been accepted, appraised, approved or processed by other competent agencies or persons.
Article 225.
Announcement and publicization of land-related administrative procedures
1. Land-related administrative procedures shall, after being approved by competent agencies, be announced under the Government’s regulations on control of administrative procedures.
2. Contents of land-related administrative procedures that shall be publicized include:
a/ Agencies competent to receive dossiers and notify dossier processing results; agencies in charge of carrying out administrative procedures; and subjects that shall have administrative procedures carried out;
b/ Time for completing each administrative procedure;
c/ Components and number of copies of dossiers for each administrative procedure;
d/ Process and responsibility for completing each administrative procedure;
dd/ Financial obligations, charges and fees payable for each administrative procedure;
e/ Other contents of the administrative procedure set (if any).
3. The publicization of the contents specified in Clause 2 of this Article shall be carried out in the form of regular posting at offices of agencies that receive dossiers and notify dossier processing results; or publication on the National Public Service Portal, ministerial- and provincial-level public service portals and websites of district- and commune-level People’s Committees.
Article 226.
Responsibilities for performance of land-related administrative procedures
1. Ministries and agencies shall, within the ambit of their functions, tasks and powers, coordinate with one another in directing, guiding and examining the performance of land-related administrative procedures in order to ensure the consistency of land-related administrative procedures with other relevant administrative procedures.
2. People’s Committees at all levels shall direct, guide, examine and organize the performance of administrative procedures in their localities and regulate the coordination among related local agencies in carrying out land-related administrative procedures and other relevant administrative procedures; and organize the electronic performance of administrative procedures.
3. Agencies with competence to carry out land-related administrative procedures shall follow law-specified order and procedures and publicize results of performance of administrative procedures.
Article 227.
Order and procedures for permitting land repurposing
Cases of land repurposing subject to permission by competent state agencies in accordance with this Law must comply with the following order and procedures:
1. Land users shall submit dossiers of request for land repurposing permission under regulations.
2. Agencies
with
the
land management function
shall examine conditions for land repurposing, and guide land users to supplement their dossiers before submitting them again, in case such dossiers are improperly made.
3.
Agencies
with land management function have the following responsibilities:
a/ In case land prices in the list of land prices are applied to calculate land use levy or land rental, agencies with the land management function shall prepare dossiers for submission to competent People’s Committees for issuance of decisions permitting land repurposing, land allocation or land lease;
b/ In case specific land prices shall be determined for calculation of land use levy or land rental, agencies with the land management function shall prepare dossiers for submission to competent People’s Committees for issuance of decisions permitting land repurposing, land allocation or land lease; and organize the determination of such land prices for submission to the competent agency for approval.
4. Land users shall pay land use levy and land rental in accordance with law; in case of land users being entitled to land use levy or land rental reduction, the agencies in charge of collecting land use lev
y
or land rental shall reduce land use levy or land rental amounts for such land users.
5. Agencies with the land management function shall sign land lease contracts with those who are leased land by the State; and forward dossiers to land registration organizations or their branches for registration and grant of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, updating and adjustment of land databases and cadastral records, and grant of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to land users.
6. In case of acquisition of land use rights and land repurposing, procedures for registration of transfer of land use rights may be carried out
simultaneously
with land repurposing under this Article.
Article 228.
Order and procedures for land allocation and land lease in case of land allocation or lease not through auction of land use rights or bidding for selection of investors to implement land-using projects, and case of land allocation or lease through bidding for selection of investors to implement land-using projects
Cases of land allocation or lease by the State under Articles 124 and 126 of this Law must comply with the following order and procedures:
1. Organizations and individuals shall submit dossiers of request for land allocation or lease;
2. Agencies with the land management function shall:
a/ Review and examine dossiers, organize land measurement and take excerpts of land records; and guide organizations and individuals requesting land allocation or lease in supplementing their dossiers;
b/ In case land prices in the list of land prices are applied to calculate land use levy or land rental,
agenc
ies with the land management function shall prepare dossiers for submission to competent People’s Committees for issuance of decisions on land allocation or lease and signing of certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets;
c/ In case specific land prices shall be determined for calculation of land use levy or land rental,
agenc
ies with the land management function shall prepare dossiers for submission to competent People’s Committees for issuance of decisions on land allocation or lease; organize the determination of such land prices for submission to the competent agency for approval; and submit for signing certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets;
3. Land users shall pay land use levy or land rentals in accordance with law; in case of land users being entitled to land use levy or land rental reduction, the agency in charge of collecting land use lev
y
or land rentals shall reduce the land use levy or land rentals for such land users;
4. Agencies with the land management function shall forward dossiers to land registration organizations or their branches for updating and adjustment of land databases and cadastral records; sign land lease contracts with those that are leased land by the State; and organize on-site land handover and grant certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to land users.
Article 229.
Order and procedures for land allocation or lease through auction of land use rights
1. The preparation for organization of an auction of land use rights shall be as follows:
a/ The unit currently assigned to manage local land areas shall formulate a plan on auction of land use rights for submission to the competent agency for approval;
b/ The unit assigned to organize the auction of land use rights shall prepare a dossier of the to-be-auctioned land area or parcel for sending to the
agency
with the land management function for submission to the competent People’s Committee for decision on auction of the land use rights;
c/ The
agency
with the land management function shall organize the determination of the reserve price of the to-be-auctioned land area or parcel for submission to the competent People’s Committee for approval;
d/ At the request of the agency with the land management function, the competent People’s Committee shall decide on the auction of land use rights;
dd/ The unit assigned to organize the auction of the land use rights shall organize the selection of, and sign a contract for hiring, a unit or an organization for holding the auction of land use rights.
2. Units and organizations in charge of holding auctions of land use rights shall hold autions of land use rights in accordance with the asset auction law.
3. The recognition of the result of a land use rights auction shall be as follows:
a/ The unit assigned to hold the auction of the land use rights shall prepare a dossier for sending to the agency
with the land management function for submission to the competent People’s Committee for issuance of a decision on recognition of land use rights auction-winning results;
b/ The competent People’s Committee shall issue and send a decision on recognition of land use rights auction-winning results to the agency with the land management function, unit assigned to hold the auction of land use rights, tax agencies and the auction winner.
4. Auction winners shall pay land use levy or land rental in accordance with law.
5. After the winner of a land use rights auction completely pays land use levy or land rental, the agency with the land management function shall:
a/ Propose the competent People’s Committee to issue a decision on land allocation or lease, and sign a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets;
b/ Forward the dossier to the land registration organization or its branch for updating and adjusting the land database and cadastral records under regulations;
c/ Sign a land lease contract in case of land lease.
6. Agencies with the land management function shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with units holding auctions land use rights and commune-level People’s Committees in, organizing on-site land handover and issuing certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to land use rights auction winners.
Chapter XV
SUPERVISION, MONITORING AND EVALUATION OF LAND MANAGEMENT AND USE; INSPECTION, EXAMINATION AND AUDITING; SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES, COMPLAINTS AND DENUNCIATIONS AND HANDLING OF VIOLATIONS OF THE LAND LAW
Section 1
SUPERVISION, MONITORING AND EVALUATION OF LAND MANAGEMENT AND USE
Article 230.
Land management and use oversight by the National Assembly, Vietnam Fatherland Front and People’s Councils at all levels
The National Assembly, Vietnam Fatherland Front and its member organizations, and People’s Councils at all levels shall exercise the power to oversee land management and use in accordance with the Constitution, Law on Oversight Activities of the National Assembly and People’s Councils, Law on the Vietnam Fatherland Front, and Law on Organization of Local Administration.
Article 231.
Land management and use supervision by citizens
1. Citizens shall exercise by themselves or through representative organizations the right to supervise and report on, and request or recommend competent agencies to handle wrongdoings and violations in the land management and use.
2. The supervision, reporting, request and recommendation shall be carried out in an objective, honest and lawful manner. It is prohibited to abuse the right to supervise to lodge complaints and denunciations in contravention of law or to cause social disorder. Citizens shall take responsibility before law for accuracy of information that they report.
3. Contents of the land management and use supervision by citizens include:
a/ Formulation, adjustment, announcement and publicization and implementation of land use master plans and land use plans;
b/ Land allocation, land lease, and land repurposing permission;
c/ Land recovery, compensation, support and resettlement;
d/ Registration of land and land-attached assets, and grant of certificates of land use rights, certificates of ownership of houses and land use rights, certificates of ownership of houses, certificates of ownership of construction works, certificates of land use rights, ownership of houses and other land-attached assets; and certificates of land use rights and
ownership of
land-attached assets;
dd/ Land use levy, land rental and land-related tax collection, exemption or reduction, and land valuation;
e/ Performance of administrative procedures related to rights and obligations of land users.
4. Forms of land management and use supervision by citizens include:
a/ Directly exercising the supervision right through reporting and making recommendations to competent agencies or persons;
b/ Sending petitions to law-defined representative organizations for the latter to carry out the supervision.
5. Upon receiving reports and recommendations/petitions from citizens and citizens’ representative organizations, competent state agencies shall:
a/ Accept and classify them; examine  and process them and notify processing results in writing according to their competence;
b/ Forward them to competent state agencies for processing for cases falling beyond their competence;
c/ Notify processing results to organizations and individuals that have made such reports or recommendations/petitions.
Article 232.
Land management and use monitoring and evaluation
1.  Land management and use monitoring and evaluation means the use of information in land management and use activities and oversight/supervision activities to evaluate the implementation of the land law; land management and use efficiency; and economic, social and environmental impacts of land-related policies and laws at the national and local scales.
2. Monitoring and evaluation contents include:
a/ Organization of the implementation of the land law by state management agencies in charge of land;
b/ Observance of the land law by land users;
c/ Land management and use efficiency; and economic, social and environmental impacts of land-related policies and laws;
d/ Practical land management and use examination and supervision.
3. Land management and use monitoring and evaluation shall be carried out on an annual basis.
4. Responsibilities for land management and use monitoring and evaluation shall be as follows:
a/ The Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment shall assist the Government in monitoring and evaluating land management and use by provinces and centrally run cities; land use in projects of national importance with their investment policy decided by the National Assembly or in which investment is approved and decided by the Prime Minister, and large-scale projects using large land areas;
b/ Provincial-level People’s Committees shall monitor and evaluate land management and use by their subordinate districts; and evaluate land management and use in provincial-level localities;
c/ District-level People’s Committees shall monitor and evaluate land management and use  by their subordinate communes; and evaluate land management and use in district-level localities;
d/ Commune-level People’s Committees shall monitor and evaluate land management and use in commune-level localities.
5. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 233.
Land management and use monitoring and evaluation system
1. The land management and use monitoring and evaluation system constitutes part of the national land information system and covers other information collected in the course of implementation of the land law nationwide, including:
a/ Information on land use master plans and land use plans, land statistics and inventory, land prices and land use tax; land allocation, land lease, land recovery, permission for land repurposing, grant of certificates of land use rights, certificates of ownership of houses and land use rights, certificates of ownership of houses, certificates of ownership of construction works, certificates of land use rights, ownership of houses and other land-attached assets; and certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets; implementation of
land
-
using
investment projects; observance of the land law; examination, inspection and handling of land-related violations of administrative agencies;
b/ Information on settlement of land-related disputes, complaints and denunciations;
c/ Information acquired through supervision/oversight of the implementation of the land law by citizens, the National Assembly, People’s Councils at all levels, Vietnam Fatherland Front and its member organizations, and other related organizations;
d/ Necessary information that must be collected by technology solutions including aerial photography from satellites, aircraft and other flying objects, through field surveys or by other technical equipment;
dd/ Necessary information that must be collected from sociological survey data on land management and use.
2. Agencies
with
the
land management function
shall update information in the land management and use monitoring and evaluation system to the national land information system; manage the monitoring and evaluation system; and assist the Government and People’s Committee at all levels in monitoring and evaluating land management and use
.
3. The land management and use monitoring and evaluation system shall be publicized for organizations and individuals search and study in accordance with law.
Section 2
INSPECTION, EXAMINATION AND AUDITING AND SETTLEMENT OF LAND-RELATED DISPUTES, COMPLAINTS AND DENUNCIATIONS
Article 2
34
.
Specialized land inspection and examination and land auditing
1. Specialized land inspection means inspection carried out by competent state agencies of the observance of the land law and professional and technical regulations and management rules in the field of land by agencies, organizations and individuals.
2. Specialized land examination means examination activities regularly and continuously carried out by agencies, organizations, units and individuals assigned land management tasks so as to urge the implementation of land-related guidelines, polices and law and performance of tasks of agencies, organizations and individuals in order to contribute to improving effect and effectiveness of the state management and to detecting, preventing and promptly handling violations in land management and use.
3. Responsibilities for directing and organizing specialized land inspection and examination are as follows:
a/ The Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment shall direct and organize specialized land inspection and examination nationwide;
b/ Provincial-level land management agencies shall organize specialized land inspection and examination;
c/ District-level land management agencies shall organize specialized land examination.
4. Contents of specialized land inspection and examination include:
a/ Inspection and examination of the observance of the land law by People’s Committees at all levels;
b/ Inspection and examination of the observance of the land law by land users and other related organizations and individuals;
c/ Inspection and examination of the observance of professional and technical regulations and management rules in the field of land.
5. Specialized land inspectors and examiners have the following tasks:
a/ To inspect and examine the observance of the land law by state agencies and land users in the land management and use;
b/ To urge the implementation of land guidelines, policies and law; to detect, prevent and handle violations of the land law according to their competence or propose the handling of violations to competent state agencies.
6. Tasks and powers of heads of inspection teams, inspectors and civil servants engaged in specialized land inspection, and order and procedures for specialized land inspection must comply with the inspection law.
7. The State Audit Office of Vietnam shall audit land management and use in accordance with the State Audit Law and other relevant laws.
8. The Government shall detail specialized land examination.
Article 235.
Conciliation of land disputes
1. The State shall encourage disputing parties to conciliate themselves or have their land disputes settled through grassroots-level conciliations under the grassroots conciliation law or through conciliation under the commercial conciliation law or under other law-specified conciliation mechanisms.
2. Before competent state agencies settle land dispute under Article 236 of this Law, disputing parties may carry out conciliation at commune-level People’s Committees of localities where exist disputed land areas. A land dispute conciliation at the commune-level People’s Committee where exists the disputed land area is carried out as follows:
a/ After receiving a written request for land dispute conciliation, the chairperson of the commune-level People’s Committee shall establish a land dispute conciliation council to conciliate the land dispute;
b/ Members of such a land dispute conciliation council include the chairperson or a vice chairperson of the commune-level People’s Committee who acts as the chairperson of the council, a representative of the commune-level Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee, civil servant(s) engaged in the cadastral work and permanent local resident(s) who know(s) clearly about the origin and process of use of the disputed land parcel (if any). On a case-by-case basis, representatives of other organizations and individuals may be invited to participate in the council;
c/ A land dispute conciliation at the commune-level People’s Committee shall be carried out within 30 days after the written request for land dispute conciliation is received;
d/ The conciliation process must be recorded in a minutes bearing signatures of all parties participating in the conciliation and have its results certified by the commune-level People’s Committee, regardless of whether the conciliation is successful or unsuccessful. Such conciliation minutes shall be sent to the disputing parties and kept at the commune-level People’s Committee of the locality where exists the disputed land parcel;
dd/ In case of unsuccessful conciliation and one or more than one disputing party fails to sign the minutes, the council’s chairperson and attendents at the conciliation meeting shall sign the minutes bearing the seal of the commune-level People’s Committees for sending to disputing parties.
3. Land dispute conciliations at courts must comply with the regulations conciliation and dialogue at courts and civil procedure law. The conciliation of disputes among parties over land-related commercial activities in the form of commercial conciliation must comply with the commercial conciliation law.
4. For a case of successful land dispute conciliation specified in Clauses 1, 2 and 3 of this Article which results in a change in the status of land boundaries, land area or land users, within 30 working days after receiving a document on recognition of successful conciliation results, parties participating in the conciliation shall send such document to a competent state agency for registration and grant of a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets under regulations.
5. Clause 2 of this Article shall not apply to  localities where commune-level administrative units under district-level People’s Committees are not established. The competence to settle land disputes must comply with Article 236 of this Law.
Article 236.
Competence to settle land disputes
1. Land disputes in which disputing parties or one of disputing parties possess(es) certificate(s) of land use rights, certificate(s) of ownership of houses and land use rights, certificate(s) of ownership of houses, certificate(s) of ownership of construction works, certificate(s) of land use rights, ownership of houses and other land-attached assets; or certificate(s) of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets or any of the papers specified in Article 137 of this Law, and disputes over land-attached assets shall be settled at courts;
2.  For land disputes in which disputing parties do not possess any certificate of land use rights, certificate of ownership of houses and land use rights, certificate of ownership of houses, certificate of ownership of construction works, certificate of land use rights, ownership of houses and other land-attached assets; or certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets or any of the papers specified in Article 137 of this Law, disputing parties may choose either the following two dispute settlement methods:
a/ Filing written requests for dispute settlement with competent People’s Committees under Clause 3 of this Article;
b/ Filing lawsuits with competent courts in accordance with the civil procedure law;
3. In case disputing parties choose to have their dispute settled at a competent People’s Committee, the dispute settlement shall be as follows:
a/ In case the dispute occurs among households, individuals and residential communities, the chairperson of the district-level People Committee shall settle such dispute. If the disputing parties, within 30 days after receiving the settlement decision of the chairperson of the district-level People’s Committee, fail to file a lawsuit or complaint under this Point, the settlement decision of the chairperson of the district-level People Committee shall take effect.
In case of disagreeing with the settlement decision of the chairperson of the district-level People’s Committee, the disputing parties shall, within 30 days after receiving such decision, may file a lawsuit with a court in accordance with the administrative procedure law, or file a complaint with the chairperson of the provincial-level People’s Committee. The settlement decision of the chairperson of the provincial-level People’s Committee shall take effect.
b/ In case the dispute involves one party being an organization, a religious organization, a dependent religious organization,
a person of Vietnamese origin residing abroad
or a foreign-invested economic organization, the chairperson of the provincial-level People’s Committee shall settle it. Within 30 days after receiving the settlement decision of the chairperson of the provincial-level People’s Committee, if the disputing parties fail to file a lawsuit or complaint under this Point, the settlement decision of the chairperson of the provincial-level People’s Committee shall take effect.
If the disputing parties disagree with the settlement decision, within 30 days after receiving it, they may file a lawsuit with a court in accordance with the administrative procedure law or file a complaint with the Minister of Natural Resources and Environment. The settlement decision of the Minister of Natural Resources and Environment shall take effect.
4. The
chairperson of
a
d
istrict-level People’s Committee, chairperson of a
provincial-level People’s Committee, and the Minister of Natural Resources and Environment shall, when settling a land
dispute specified in Clause 3 of this Article, issue a dispute settlement decision. A legally effective dispute settlement decision must be strictly abided by the disputing parties. Within 30 days after the dispute settlement decision takes effect, if the parties or one of the parties fail(s) to abide by it, it shall be enforced.
The chairperson of the district-level People’s Committee of the locality where the disputed land is located shall issue a decision on enforcement of the land dispute settlement decision and organize the implementation of the enforcement decision.
5. Disputes arising from land-related commercial activities shall be settled by courts in accordance with the civil procedure law or by Vietnam’s commercial arbitration centers in accordance with the commercial arbitration law.
6. People’s Committees at all levels shall provide dossiers and documents related to the land management and use when so requested by courts or Vietnam’s commercial arbitration centers to serve as a basis for the land dispute settlement.
7. The Government shall provide in detail the settlement of disputes falling within the competence of chairpersons of district-level People’s Committees, chairpersons of provincial-level People’s Committees, and the Minister of Natural Resources and Environment as specified in this Article.
Article
237
.
Settlement of land management-related complaints and lawsuits
1. Land users and persons with land use-related rights and obligations may file complaints about, or file lawsuits against, administrative decisions or administrative acts in the land management.
2. The order and procedures for settling complaints about administrative decisions or administrative acts related to the land management must comply with the complaint law. The order and procedures for settling lawsuits against land management-related administrative decisions or administrative acts must comply with the administrative procedure law.
3. The collection, preservation, use and retention of dossiers and documents related to the settlement of complaints about land management must comply with the complaint law.
Article
238
.
Settlement of denunciations about land management and use
1. Individuals may denounce violations of the land management and use regulations.
2. The settlement of denunciations about violations of the land management and use regulations
must
comply with the denunciation law.
3. The collection, preservation, use and preservation of dossiers and documents related to the settlement of denunciations about land management must comply with the denunciation law.
Section 3
HANDLING OF VIOLATIONS OF THE LAND LAW
Article 239.
Handling of violators of the land law
Violators of the land law shall, depending on nature and seriousness of their violations, be disciplined, administratively sanctioned or examined for penal liability, and pay compensation for damage caused by their violations in accordance with law.
Article 240.
Handling of persons who commit violations of the land management regulations while on duty
1. Those who commit the following violations of the land management regulations while on duty shall, depending on nature and seriousness of their violations, be disciplined or examined for penal liability in accordance with law:
a/ Taking advantage of, or abusing, their positions and powers to commit illegal acts in the formulation and implementation of land use master plans and plans, land allocation, land lease, land repurposing, land recovery, land requisition, compensation, support, resettlement, determination of land-related financial obligations, management of cadastral records, registration and grant of certificates of land use rights, certificates of ownership of houses and land use rights, certificates of ownership of houses, certificates of ownership of construction works, certificates of land use rights, ownership of houses and other land-attached assets; and certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets, or issuance of administrative decisions on land management;
b/ Showing management irresponsibility which lets violations of the land law occur, or committing other acts which cause damage to the State’s interests or lawful rights and interest of land users;
c/ Violating regulations on opinion solicitation, information announcement and publicization; violating regulations on administrative order and procedures; violating reporting regulations on land management.
2. The Government shall provide in detail violations in land management committed by persons on duty which are subject to the disciplinary measures under Clause 1 of this Article.
Article 241.
Responsibilities for detecting, preventing and handling violations of the land management and use regulations
1. Chairpersons of People’s Committees at all levels have the following responsibilities:
a/ Chairpersons of provincial-level and district-level People’s Committees shall detect, prevent and promptly handle violations of the land management and use regulations in their localities according to their competence;
b/ Chairpersons of commune-level People’s Committees shall regularly examine, detect, prevent and promptly handle according to their competence acts of failing to register land, encroaching, misappropriating or destroying land, using land for improper purposes, illegally transferring or acquiring land use rights, and other violations of the land law of land users.
2. Heads of provincial-level and district-level agencies with the land management function shall examine, urge and guide the performance of official duties of cadres and civil servants; promptly and lawfully handle according to their competence, or propose to competent agencies for handling, complaints, denunciations and petitions of individuals, and organizations, and promptly handle violations of the land management and use regulations in localities according to their competence.
3. Civil servants performing cadastral work at the commune level; and civil servants and public employees
working at
agencies with the land management function at all levels shall, when performing their official duties, detect and promptly propose the handling of violations of the land law.
Article 242.
Receipt and handling of violations of heads, civil servants or public employees of land management agencies at all levels and commune-level cadastral civil servants
1. Organizations and individuals that detect civil servants and public employees of agencies with the land management function at all levels or commune-level cadastral civil servants committing violations in the land management may send petitions to:
a/ Chairpersons of commune-level People’s Committees, for violations committed by commune-level cadastral civil servants;
b/ Heads of such agencies, for violations committed by civil servants and public employees of land management agencies;
c/ Chairpersons of same-level People’s Committees, for violations committed by heads of land management agencies.
2. Within 30 days after receiving a petition, the chairperson of the People’s Committee or the head of the land management agency specified in Clause 1 of this Article shall examine and settle such petition and notify settlement results to the petitioner.
Chapter XVI
IMPLEMENTATION PROVISIONS
Section 1
AMENDMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTATIONS TO A NUMBER OF ARTICLES OF THE NATIONAL A
SS
EMBLY’S LAND-RELATED LAWS AND RESOLUTIONS
Article 243.
To amend and supplement a number of articles of Planning Law No. 21/2017/QH14, which has a number of articles amended and supplemented under Laws No. 15/2023/QH15, No. 16/2023/QH15, and No. 28/2023/QH15
1. To amend and supplement Clause 2, Article 24 as follows:
“2. A national land-use master plan has the following principal contents:
a/ Analysis and evaluation of natural elements and conditions, resources and the context directly impacting on, and the status of, land use by sectors and fields;
b/ Forecast of land use changes;
c/ Identification of land use viewpoints and objectives in the new situation;
d/ Land use orientations of the whole country and
socio-economic regions, and
land use visions
aimed
to meet
the need for
land use for socio-economic development;
assurance of
national defense and security, environmental protection
,
and adaptation to climate change;
dd/
Identification of
land use norms for
agricultural and
non-agricultural land areas,
particularly
areas of paddy land, special-use forest land, protection forest land, land under production forests being natural forests; and
land for national
defense and security
purposes
;
e/ Solutions and resources to implement the master plan.”.
2. To amend and supplement a number of Clauses of Article 25 as follows:
a/ To amend the opening paragraph of Clause 4 as follows:
“4. A master plan on use of national resources other than
a national defense land use master plan or security land use master plan must have the following contents:”.
b/ To add Clause 4a below Clause 4 as follows:
“
4a.
A national defense land use master plan or security land use master plan
must
have the following
principal
contents:
a/
National defense or security land use orientations
;
b/
Determination
of the
national defense or security land use
demand in the land use planning period in conformity with
the
overall national master plan;
national defense and security tasks and
national
socio-economic development plans;
c/ Phasing of
the national defense or security land use master plan
to each 5-year plan
ning period
;
d/
Solutions and resources to implement the national defense or security land use master plan
.
”
.
c/ To amend and supplement Clause 7 as follows:
“7. The Government shall detail contents of national sectoral master plans
specified
in Clauses 3, 4,
4a,
5 and 6 of this Article; and provide the incorporation of master plans into national sectoral master plans.
The formulation, appraisal, approval and modification of technical and specialized master plans to implement the contents specified in Clauses 3, 4,
4a,
5 and 6 of this Article must comply with relevant regulations.”
3. To amend and supplement Point l, Clause 2, Article 27 as follows:
“
l/
Setting land use orientations for
each district-level administrative unit;”
.
4.
To add the master plan with the ordinal number 1a
above
ordinal number 1 in Appendix II on the List of
technical and specialized master plans
as follows:
No.
Name of the Master Plan
Governed legal document
1a.
Provincial-level land
use master plan
Land Law No. 31/2024/QH14
Article 244
.
To amend and supplement Clause 4, Article 44 of Law on Fisheries No. 18/2017/QH14 as follows:
“4. The term of allocation of a marine area for aquaculture must not exceed
5
0 years, counting from the effective date of the allocation decision. Upon the expiration of this term, the State may consider extending it if the organization or individual concerned wishes to continue using the allocated marine area for aquaculture. Multiple extensions may be granted but must not exceed 20 years. The term of allocation of marine areas to Vietnamese organizations and individuals for performing aquaculture-serving scientific and technological tasks must not exceed the duration of performance of these tasks approved by competent state agencies.”.
Article 245.
To amend and supplement a number of articles of Law on Organization of Local Administration No. 77/2015/QH13, which has a number of articles amended and supplemented under Law No. 21/2017/QH14, Law No. 47/2019/QH14, and Resolution No. 96/2023/QH15
1. To amend and supplement Point h, Clause 3, Article 19 as follows:
“h/ To approve provincial land use master plans before submitting them to the Prime Minister for approval; to decide on measures to manage and use land, water resources, mineral resources and resources from the sea and airspace and other natural resources, and protect the environment within its delegated powers.”
2. To amend and supplement Point a, Clause 2, Article 26 as follows:
a/ To
approve
medium-term and annual socio-economic development plans and land use master plans of rural districts before submitting them to the provincial-level People’s Committee for approval;”
.
3. To amend and supplement Clause 2, Article 40 as follows:
“2. To approve land use master plans of centrally run cities
in accordance with the Land Law before submitting them to the Prime Minister for approval
.”.
4. To add Clause 2a below Clause 2, Article 42 as follows:
“
2a. To approve land
use master plans and
land use
plans of attached rural districts in accordance with the Land Law.
”
.
5. To amend and supplement Article 129 as follows:
“Article 129. Competence to decide on the establishment, dissolution, merger, separation, adjustment of boundaries of, and naming and renaming of administrative units
1. The National Assembly shall decide on the establishment, dissolution, merger, separation and adjustment of boundaries of provincial-level administrative units;
and
naming and renaming of provincial-level administrative units
.
2. The National Assembly Standing Committee shall decide on the establishment, dissolution, merger, separation and adjustment of boundaries of district- and commune-level administrative units;
and
naming and renaming of district- and commune-level administrative units
.
3. The Government shall propose the National Assembly or National Assembly Standing Committee to decide on the establishment, dissolution, merger, separation and adjustment of boundaries of administrative units;
and
naming and renaming of administrative units
specified
in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article.”.
Article 246.
To amend and supplement Clause 4, Article 106 of Law on Enforcement of Civil Judgments No. 26/2008/QH12, which has a number of articles amended and supplemented under Law No. 64/2014/QH13, Law No. 23/2018/QH14, Law No. 67/2020/QH14, and Law No. 03/2022/QH15
To amend and supplement Clause 4, Article 106 as follows:
“4. For assets being land use rights
and
land-attached assets which fully satisfy the conditions for but have not yet been granted initial certificates, civil judgment enforcement agencies shall request competent agencies to grant initial certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets for purchasers or recipients of assets for judgment enforcement in accordance with law.
For assets being land use rights or land-attached assets which have been granted certificates which cannot be subsequently revoked, civil judgment enforcement agencies shall request competent agencies to revoke or cancel such certificates and grant new certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets to purchasers
o
r recipients of assets for judgment enforcement in accordance with law.”.
Article 247.
To amend and supplement Clause 1, Article 14 of Law on Personal Income Tax No. 04/2007/QH12, which has a number of articles amended and supplemented under Law No. 26/2012/QH13 and Law No. 71/2014/QH13
To amend and supplement Clause 1, Article 14 as follows:
“1. A taxable income from real estate transfer is determined to be equal to the real estate transfer price on a case-by-case basis. In case of transfer of land use rights, taxable income amounts shall be calculated based on land prices on the list of land prices.”.
Article 248.
To amend and supplement a number of articles of Law on Forestry No. 16/2017/QH14 which has a number of articles amended and supplemented under Law No. 16/2023/QH15
1. To amend and supplement Clauses 1 and 2, Article 14 as follows:
“1. Conforming to national forestry master plans, provincial-level master plans or district-level land use master plans;
2. Refraining from repurposing natural forests, except national important projects; projects serving national defense or security; or other urgent projects approved by the Government.”.
2. To amend and supplement Clause 1, Article 15 as follows:
“1. The plan on forest allocation, forest lease or forest repurposing of the district-level People’s Committee approved by the provincial-level People’s Committee; or the district-level annual land use plan approved by a competent state agency.”.
3. To add Point dd below Point d, Clause 2, Article 16 as follows:
“dd/ The special-use forest management board for
protection forest
s intermingled with special-use forest
area
s.”.
4. To amend and supplement Clause 1, Article 19 as follows:
“1. Conforming with national forestry master plans or provincial master plans or district-level land use master plans.”.
5. To amend and supplement Article 20 as follows:
“Article 20. Competence to decide on forest repurposing policy
Provincial-level People’s Councils shall decide on forest repurposing policy, except cases of implementation of projects under competence of the National Assembly, Prime Minister or provincial-level People’s Councils to approve or decide on investment policy in accordance with the Law on Investment, Law on Public Investment, Law on Investment in the Form of Public-Private Partnership, and Law on Oil and Gas.”.
6. To amend and supplement a number of Clauses of Article 23 as follows:
a/ To amend and supplement Point a, Clause 1 as follows:
“a/ To allocate, lease, repurpose or recover forests of organizations, except those specified at Point c, Clause 2 of this Article;”;
b/ To amend and supplement Clause 2 as follows:
“2. Competence of district-level People’s Committees is provided as follows:
a/ To allocate, lease or repurpose forests of households and individuals;
b/ To allocate or repurpose forests of residential communities;
c/ To recover forests in case of recovery of land areas under forests under the competence of district-level People’s Committees in accordance with the Land Law.”.
7. To amend and supplement the title and Clause 5 of, and add Clause 6 below, Clause 5, Article 53 as follows:
a/ To amend and supplement the title of Article 53 as follows:
“Article 53. Scientific research, teaching, practicing, eco-tourism, leisure tourism, recreation activities, and planting, development and harvesting of medicinal plants in special-use forests”;
b/ To amend Clause 5 and add Clause 6 below Clause 5 as follows:
“5. It is permitted to build works serving eco-tourism, leisure tourism and recreation activities. The order and procedures for formulation, appraisal and approval of schemes on eco-tourism, leisure tourism and recreation and management of the construction of works for eco-tourism, leisure tourism and recreation purposes in special-use forests must comply with the Regulation on forest management and other relevant regulations.
6. The planting, development and harvesting of medicinal plants in special-use forests are provided as follows:
a/ Forest owners shall develop plans to plant, develop and harvest medicinal plants in special-use forests and submit them to competent agencies for approval;
b/ Forest owners shall organize by themselves, or cooperate or associate with or lease the forest environment to organizations and individuals for, planting, development and harvesting of medicinal plants or organization of scientific research activities;
c/ Planting, development and harvesting of medicinal plants in special-use forests must comply with the Regulation on forest management and other relevant regulations.”.
8. To amend and supplement the title and Clause 5 and add Clause 6 below Clause 5, Article 56 as follows:
a/ To amend and supplement the title of Article 56 as follows:
“Article 56. Scientific research, teaching, practicing, eco-tourism, leisure tourism, recreation activities, and planting, development and harvesting of medicinal plants in protection forests”;
b/ To amend Clause 5 and add Clause 6 below Clause 5 as follows:
“5. It is permitted to build works serving eco-tourism, leisure tourism and recreation activities. The order and procedures for formulation, appraisal and approval of schemes on eco-tourism, leisure tourism and recreation and management of the construction of works for eco-tourism, leisure tourism and recreation purposes in protection forests must comply with the Regulation on forest management and other relevant regulations.
6. The planting, development and harvesting of medicinal plants in protection forests are provided as follows:
a/ Forest owners shall develop plans to plant, develop and harvest medicinal plants in protection forests and submit them to competent agencies for approval;
b/ Forest owners shall organize by themselves, or cooperate or associate with or lease the forest environment to organizations and individuals for, planting, development and harvesting of medicinal plants or for organization of scientific research activities;
c/ Planting, development and harvesting of medicinal plants in protection forests must comply with the Regulation on forest management and other relevant regulations.”.
9. To amend and supplement Clause 4, Article 60 as follows:
“4. Forest owners may organize by themselves, cooperate  or associate with other organizations or individuals in doing business in eco-tourism, leisure tourism, recreation and for planting and development of medicinal plants or organization of scientific research activities or lease forests or the forest environment under their rights to other organizations and individuals for conducting such business without affecting land use purposes specified in the land law.”.
Article 249.
To amend and supplement Clause 3, Article 6 of Law on Non-Agricultural Land Use Tax No. 48/2010/QH12
To amend and supplement Clause 3, Article 6 as follows:
“3. The price of a square meter of land is the land price in the list of land prices equivalent to its use purpose and is kept stable for a 5-year period.”.
Article 250.
To amend and supplement Clause 3, Article 29 of Law on Investment No. 61/2020/QH14, which has a number of articles amended and supplemented under Law No. 72/2020/QH14, Law No. 03/2022/QH15, Law No. 05/2022/QH15, Law No. 08/2022/QH15, Law No. 09/2022/QH15, Law No. 20/2023/QH15, Law No. 26/2023/QH15, Law No. 27/2023/QH15 and Law No. 28/2023/QH15
To amend and supplement Clause 3, Article 29 as follows:
“3. A competent agency shall carry out procedures for investor approval in the following cases:
a/ The auction of land use rights is unsuccessful in accordance with the Land Law;
b/ There is only one investor satisfying the conditions for invitation for expression of interest in case the relevant specialized laws identify a specific number of interested investors when carrying out procedures for investor selection.”.
Article 251. To annul a number of articles of the National Assembly’s laws and resolutions concerning land
1. To annul a number of articles of the Laws concerning land as follows:
a/ To annul Clause 3, Article 36 and Clause 2, Article 86 of Law on Management and Use of Public Assets No. 15/2017/QH14, which has a number of articles amended and supplemented under Law No. 64/2020/QH14 and Law No. 07/2022/QH15;
b/ To annul Clause 1, Article 12 of Law on Railway No. 06/2017/QH14, which has a number of articles amended and supplemented under Law No. 35/2018/QH14 and Law No. 16/2023/QH15.
2. To annul the National Assembly’s Resolution No. 132/2020/QH14 of November 17, 2020, on pilot implementation of a number of policies to remove obstacles and
limitations
in the management and use of land
for
national defense and security
purposes
combin
ed
with production and economic activities.
Section 2
EFFECT AND TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
Article 252.
Effect
1. This Law takes effect on January 1, 2025, except the cases specified in Clauses 2 and 3 of this Article.
2. Articles 190 and 248 of this Law take effect on April 1, 2024.
3. The formulation and approval of land use master plans may continue to comply with the National Assembly’s Resolution No. 61/2022/QH15 of June 16, 2022, on continued improvement of effectiveness and efficiency of the implementation of planning policies and laws and a number of solutions to remove difficulties and obstacles and accelerate the formulation and improvement of the quality of master plans for the 2021-2030 period.
Clause 9, Article 60 of this Law takes effect on the date Resolution No. 61/2022/QH15 ceases to be effective.
4. Land Law No. 45/2013/QH13, which has a number of articles amended and supplemented under Law No. 35/2018/QH14 (below referred to as Land Law No. 45/2013/QH13) ceases to be effective on the effective date of this Law.
Article 253.
Transitional provisions on land use master plans and land use plans when this Law takes effect
1. Land use master plans and land use plans that are decided or approved by competent state agencies before the effective date of this Law may continue to be implemented and shall be modified upon the revision of land use master plans and land use plans under Article 73 of this Law.
2. Localities that have their provincial master plans for the 2021-2030 period approved in accordance with the planning law before the effective date of this Law may continue implement
ing
plans on land allocation and zoning off in their provincial master plans for the performance of the land management until the end of the planning period. The modification of provincial master plans must comply with Planning Law No. 21/2017/QH14.
Article 254.
Transitional provisions on land recovery; compensation, support and settlement upon land recovery by the State when this Law takes effect
1. In case a land recovery decision is issued in accordance with the land law before the effective date of this Law but there is no decision of the competent state agency approving compensation, support and resettlement plans, the compensation, support and resettlement
must comply
with this Law.
2. In case a land recovery decision and a decision approving compensation, support and resettlement plans are issued in accordance with the land law in effect before this Law takes effect but have yet to be implemented, the approved compensation, support and resettlement plans may continue to be implemented. Deferred compensation payments must be made in accordance with the regulations in effect at the time the State issues the land recovery decision.
3. In case the competent state agency issues a document determining a project owner’s violation of failing to put or delaying the putting of land into use before the effective date of this Law under Point i, Clause 1, Article 64 of Land Law No. 45/2013/QH13, the handling of such case is as follows:
a/ In case a land recovery decision has not been issued, the competent People’s Committee shall handle the case under Clauses 8 and 9, Article 81 of this Law;
b/ In case a land recovery decision has been issued, land recovery shall be carried out in accordance with such decision, the handling of land use levy
or
land rental and assets invested on the recovered land area must comply with the relevant regulations in effect at the time the State issues the land recovery decision.
4. In case a land recovery decision and a decision approving compensation, support and resettlement plans are issued before the effective date of this Law, while a decision on allocation of resettlement land is issued after the effective date of this Law, the land price used to calculate the land use levy at the resettlement place shall be the price determined at the time of approval of the compensation, support and resettlement plans. In case at the time of issuance of the decision on allocation of resettlement land, the resettlement land price is lower than the land price in the compensation, support, and resettlement plans, the land price at the time of issuance of the decision on allocation of resettlement land shall be applied.
5. For investment projects of which the framework compensation, support and resettlement policy is approved by the Prime Minister before the effective date of this Law but concerned localities have yet to approve their compensation, support and resettlement plans, the more beneficial policy shall be applied to those whose land is recovered under such framework policy and this Law.
6. For investment projects subject to agreement on acquisition of land use rights in accordance with Land Law No. 45/2013/QH13, with such agreements not yet completely realized by the effective date of this Law, provincial-level People’s Committees shall base themselves on practical conditions of their localities to decide on permission for continued realization of such agreements.
Article 255.
Transitional
provisions
on land allocation, land lease and
land repurposing
when this Law takes effect
1. Households and individuals that are
using
agricultural land
area
s
allocated before July 1, 2014, in excess of the land allocation limit set at the time of land allocation shall shift to land
lease
in accordance with this Law for the excessive land portion.
2. Economic organizations, households, individuals and
p
eople of Vietnamese origin residing abroad that are allocated land by the State with land use lev
y
before the effective date of this Law but later subject to land lease in accordance with this Law
may
continue
using
land for the remaining land use
period
without having to shift to land
lease
.
Upon the expiration of
the land use
period
, if being eligible for extension of
the
land
use period
, they shall shift land
lease
in accordance with this Law.
3. Organizations, households, individuals and
p
eople of Vietnamese origin residing abroad were allocated land by the State without land use lev
y
before July 1, 2014
,
and are now subject to land lease in accordance with Land Law No. 45/2013/QH13 and this Law shall shift to land
lease
.
4. Economic organizations, households, individuals and people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad that are allowed to continue using land under Clause 3, Article 60 of Land Law No. 45/2013/QH13 may continue
using
land for the remaining land use
period
without having to shift to land
lease
in accordance with this Law.
5. Economic organizations that are allowed to continue using land under Clause 4, Article 60 of Land Law No. 45/2013/QH13 may continue
using
land for the remaining
period
of
their
project
s
without having to shift to land
lease
in accordance with this Law.
6. Land users who are allowed to continue using land under Clause 5, Article 60 of Land Law No. 45/2013/QH13 may choose to continue
leasing
land for the remaining land use
period
or shift to land allocation with land use lev
y
in accordance with this Law.
7. Organizations, households
,
individuals, people of Vietnamese origin residing abroad and foreign-invested enterprise that
ha
ve submitted
dossier
s to carry out procedures for land allocation, land lease
or
land repurposing but have not obtained decisions on land allocation, land lease or permission for land repurposing, then the land allocation, land lease or land repurposing must comply with the relevant regulations
in effect
before this Law
takes effect
. If they wish to be allocated or leased land or permitted for land repurposing, they shall comply with this Law.
8. Public non-business units that are allocated land without land use lev
y
or leased land by the State before the effective date of this Law may continue
using
land for the remaining land use
period
in the form used for land allocation or land lease. If they wish to do so, they may shift to the form
of
land allocation or land lease in accordance with this Law. Upon the expiration of the land use
period
, the extension thereof must comply with this Law.
9. For
an
investment project for which a written approval of its investment policy or investor or project owner selection has been issued by
the
competent agenc
y
in accordance with the investment law, housing
law
and bidding
law
before July 1, 2014, but the land area has yet
to be
allocated or leased to the investor or project owner, and which now
conform
s
to
the land use master plan and land use plan and is reviewed and certified by the provincial-level People’s Committee as compliant with the investment law, housing law and bidding law at the time such written approval i
s
issued, and the late land allocation or land lease is not the investor’s or project owner’s fault, it is not required to hold an auction of
the
land use rights or a bidding to select an investor to implement the land-using project in accordance with this Law. Order, procedures, competence and time limit for land allocation
or
land lease must comply with this Law.
10. For an investment project for which the investor or project owner is selected in accordance with the investment law, housing law and bidding law during the period from  July 1, 2014, to the date before the effective date of this Law, if the land area has yet to be allocated or leased,
and
which is eligible for land allocation or land lease not through auction of land use rights in accordance with Land Law No. 45/2013/QH13 and other relevant laws and conforms to land use master plans and land use plans, subsequent steps in order and procedures for land allocation or lease may continue to be carried out to allocate or lease land to the investor or project owner in accordance with
this
Law.
11. Individuals who were allocated
r
iparian
or
coastal alluvial land by the State before July 1, 2014, for use for agricultural purposes may continue using them for the remaining land allocation period. U
pon the expiration of the
land allocation period, if wishing to continue using such land areas under
land use master plans
and
land use
plan
s and not in contravention of the land law, the State shall consider to allocate or lease land.
Article 256.
Use of cadastral
dossiers
, land registration and
grant
of certificates when this Law takes effect
1. Paper cadastral
dossiers
which are made before the effective date of this Law may continue to be used to serve land management and shall be digitalized in the course of
development of
the national land database in accordance with this Law.
2. Dossiers for registration of land and land-attached assets and issuance of certificates of land use rights, ownership of houses and other land-attached assets that have been received by the competent agency but, by the effective date of this Law, such competent agency has not yet issued certificates of land use rights, ownership of houses and other land-attached assets, procedures shall continue to be carried out in accordance with Land Law No. 45/2013/QH13 and
its
detailing and guiding
documents
. The competence to issue certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets must comply with this Law. In case land users request compliance
with
this Law, the competent agency shall process such dossiers in accordance with this Law.
3. Certificates of land use rights, certificates of ownership of houses and land use rights, certificates of ownership of houses, certificates of ownership of construction works, certificates of land use rights, ownership of houses and other land-attached assets
that are issued in accordance with the land law, housing law and construction law before the effective date of this Law remain valid and are not required to be converted into certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets. Land users that wish to have their current certificates converted into certificates of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall comply with this Law.
4. In case
a
certificate of land use rights, certificate of ownership of houses and land use rights,
or
certificate of land use rights, ownership of houses and other land-attached assets is issued to
a
household representative before the effective date of this Law,
and members of
such household
, who
share the land use rights
,
so wish, they may be granted a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets with all their full names shown thereon.
The determination of a household’s members sharing the land use rights for having their names shown on a certificate of land use rights and ownership of land-attached assets shall be agreed upon by these members themselves who shall take responsibility before law.
Article 257.
Settlement of land-related finance and land prices when this Law takes effect
1. Lists of land prices issued by provincial-level People’s Committees in accordance with Land Law No. 45/2013/QH13 shall continue to be applied until December 31, 2025. When necessary, provincial-level People’s Committees shall decide to adjust lists of land prices in accordance with this Law to suit practical land prices in their localities.
2. In case
there
is
a
decision on land allocation or lease, permitting land repurposing or shift from land lease
with annual rental payment to land lease
with one-off rental payment for the entire lease period, extension of land use period, adjustment of land use period,
or
modification of a detailed master plan in accordance with the land law and other relevant laws before the effective date of this Law, but no decision on land prices has been issued
:
a/ In case land wa
s
allocat
ed
or lease
d
in accordance with the 1993 Land Law, Land Law No. 13/2003/QH11 and their detailing and guiding documents,
in
which
the competent agency
actually handed over
the land area before
January 1, 2005
,
the polic
ies
on collection of land use levy
and
land rental and the land price for calculation of the land use levy and land rental
applying
the 2005 list of land prices issued by the provincial-level People’s Committee shall be valid.
b/ In case land was allocated or leased in accordance with the 1993 Land Law, Land Law No. 13/2003/QH11 and their detailing and guiding documents, in which the competent agency actually handed over the land area
during
a
period
from January 1, 2005, to the date before the effective date of this Law, the policies on collection of land use levy and land rental and the land price for calculation of the land use levy and land rental shall be determined at the time of actual land handover;
c/ In case there has been
a
decision on land allocation or lease, permitting land repurposing or permitting the shift from land lease with annual rental payment to land lease with one-off rental payment for the entire lease period, extension or adjustment of land use period, or modification of a detailed master plan in accordance with Land Law No. 45/2013/QH13 and its guiding and detailing documents but the land price plan has not been submitted to the competent People’s Committee, the policies on collection of land use levy and land rental and the land price shall be determined at the time of issuance of
such
decision.
In case a competent People’s Committee has allocated or leased land according to the compensation, support and resettlement schedule, a specific land price shall be determined according to the issuance time of each decision;
d/ The Government shall provide the application of land valuation methods and a money amount that land users shall additionally pay for the period of time the land use levy
or
land rental has not been calculated in the cases specified at Points a, b and c of this Clause.
3. In case a land price plan has been submitted to a competent People’s Committee for deciding on a specific land price in accordance with the regulations in effect before this Law
takes effect
, the competent People’s Committee shall decide on such specific land prices under the submitted plan instead of this Law.
Article 258.
Settlement of the land use period when this Law takes effect
1. For land areas allocated by the State to economic organizations to create capital to build infrastructure of projects and land areas acquired through auctions of land use rights before July 1, 2004, for use by economic organizations, the land use period shall be determined according to the period stated in land allocation decisions. In case such a land allocation decision does not state a
land use
period, the land use period shall be determined according to the period applicable to the land type specified by the regulations
in effect
at the time of land allocation.
2. In case a land area has been allocated
or
leased or
has the
land use rights
recognized
by the State but, by
the
effective date of this Law, the land use period has expired
and
the competent state agency has not recovered such land area, such land area shall be considered for extension of land use period or land recovery in accordance with this Law.
Article 259.
Handling of land use rights of households acquired before the effective date of this Law
1. Households using land in accordance with the land law before this Law
takes effect
may participate in land-related legal relations as a group of land users sharing land use rights specified in Clause 2, Article 27 of this Law.
Land-using households that are allocated or leased land or
have their
land use rights recognized or received land use rights transferred by the State before the effective date of this Law will have the same rights and obligations as the rights and obligations of land-using individuals in accordance with this Law.
2. When competent state agencies allocate or lease land to households to implement approved compensation, support and resettlement plans, they shall specifically state individuals who are household members
sharing
land use rights in land allocation or land lease decisions.
3. Households that are allocated land by the State without or with land use levy or leased land before the effective date of this Law may continue
using
such land for the remaining land use period. Upon the expiration of the land use period, they may be entitled to extension of land use
period
in the form of land allocation or land lease to individuals
being
household members in accordance with this Law.
Article 260.
Transitional provisions for other cases when this Law takes effect
1.
For e
conomic organizations, households and individuals that were leased land by the State before July 1, 2004, with one-off rental payment for the entire lease period or
with advance payment of
land rent
al
for
several
years
, of which the remaining paid lease period
is
at least 5 years, economic organizations will
have
the rights and obligations specified in Article 33 of this Law
while households and individuals will have the rights and obligations specified in Clause 1, Article 37 of this Law.
2. In case
project owners are
leased land by the State with annual land rent
al
payment to invest in construction and
commercial operation
of infrastructure
in
industrial parks,
cottage industry zones
and export
processing zones and
have
subleased land
areas
with
such
i
nfrastructure with one-off rental payment for the entire lease period before July 1, 2014
,
they
shall
remit
land rentals to the State
under the Government
’
s
regulations. Sublessee
s
will
have
rights and obligations like
being leased land by the State
with one-off rental payment for the entire lease period after
project owners
fully
remit
land rent
al
s to the state budget.
3. Economic organizations, households, individuals and
p
eople of Vietnamese origin residing abroad
that
have invest
ed
in production and business in industrial parks, cottage industry zones
and
export processing zones
and
been
eligible
to continue
using
land
for the
ir
projects
’
remaining land use period
s
under
Clause 5, Article 149 of Land Law No. 45/2013/QH13
may
continue
using
land for such remaining land use periods without having to shift to land
lease
.
Upon the expiration of the project implementation period
,
they
may
be considered by
the State
for land lease in accordance with
this Law.
4. Land use plan
s and
land and house
disposal
and
rearrang
ement
plans
approved by competent
agencies in accordance with the National Assembly
’
s
Resolution No. 132/2020/QH14
,
on pilot implementation of a number of policies to remove obstacles and
limitations
in the management and use of
land for nation
defense and security
purposes
in combination with
production and economic activities,
shall be implemented under
approved plan
s
before the effective date of this Law.
Land use plans
and
land and house disposal and rearrangement plans that are undergoing procedures for submission to competent
agencies
for approval
may
continue to be implemented according to order and procedures specified in the National Assembly’s Resolution No. 132/2020/QH14, on pilot implementation of a number of policies to remove obstacles and limitations in the management and use of land for nation defense and security purposes combined with production and economic activities.
5. For
cottage industry zone
s
are established before the effective date of this Law with
public
non-business
units, district
-level
People’s Committees
or
commune-level People’s Committees
act
ing
as infrastructure construction
project owner
s
, the competence
to lease land to organizations, households, and individuals investing in production and business in
such zone
s
must
comply with Article 123 of this Law.
6. Land areas in economic zones and hi-tech
park
s that are
allocated
by the State to their management boards before the effective date of this Law
shall
be handled as follows:
a
/
For land areas that are re-allocated or leased before the effective date of this Law, land users may continue to use
such land area
s until the end of the land use
period
.
The extension of land use period must comply with
this Law;
b
/
For land areas not yet allocated or leased to the management boards, the State
shall
recover
such land area
s
for
allocation or lease
in accordance with
this Law;
c
/
Land users that use land in economic zones and hi-tech
parks
before the effective date of this Law
shall
continue to exercise their rights and
perform the
ir
obligations in the land allocation or lease forms applicable to them
for the remaining land use period in accordance with
this Law;
d
/
Economic organizations, households, individuals and
p
eople of Vietnamese origin residing abroad
that
have invest
ed
in production and business in economic zones
and
are
eligible
t
o
continue
using
land
for their projects
’
remaining land use period under
Clause 7, Article 151 of Land Law No. 45/2013/QH13
may
continue
using
land for
the
ir
projects’ remaining land use period without having to shift to land
lease
. U
pon the expiration of the project implementation period
,
they
may
be considered for land lease by the State in accordance with
this Law.
7. For p
roject
s
that
hav
e
sea
encroachment
activities
that ha
ve
obtained investment project approval decision
s
issued by the National Assembly or Prime Minister in accordance with the
public investment law
or
investment policy approval decisions
or
investment policy-cum-investor approval
decisions
in accordance
with the investment law
in effect
before Article 190 of this Law
takes effect
,
project owner
s
may be allocated or lease
d
land
not through
auction
of
land use rights
or bid
ding
for
land
-
using project
s
for
continued
implement
ation of
approved investment project
s
.
8. Underground work construction projects that have obtained investment project approval decisions
in accordance with the
public investment law or investment policy approval decisions or investment policy-cum-investor approval decisions in accordance with the investment law in effect before this Law takes effect
may continue to
be
implement
ed.
9. Airport or civil
aerodrome
land areas that
have been allocated or leased by the State to airport/
aerodrome
authorities before the effective date of this Law
may
continue to be managed and used
in accordance with
Land Law No. 45/2013/QH13. If the State adopts airport/
aerodrome
upgrading and expan
sion polic
ies that leads to
change
s
in
airport or civil
aerodrome
construction
master plan
s or change
of entities
that
manag
e
and us
e
such airports or
civil air
fields, the
land
management
and
use therein
must comply with
this Law.
In case airport/
aerodrome
authorities lease land before the effective date of this Law, signed lease contracts
may
continue to be
performed. U
pon the expiration of the contract term
, the State
shall
recover land areas
from
​​the airport/airfield authorities for lease
in accordance with
this Law.
10.
L
and areas used by religious organizations and
dependent
religious organizations before the effective date of this Law
may
continue to
be
use
d
in the forms
specified in Land Law
No. 45/2013/QH13.
11. Land users that a
re
allocated land by the State with land use
levy
or land
rental and
entitled to land use
levy
or
land
rental
exemption or reduction in accordance with the
land law
in effect
before this Law
takes effect
may continue to be entitled to land use lev
y
or land rental exemption or reduction for the remaining land use
period
in accordance with the land law in effect before this Law takes effect.
12. Land users that are leased land by the State
and
choose the form of land lease with annual land rent
al
payment or land lease with one-off rental payment for the entire lease period before the effective date of this Law
may
continue
using
land in the
chosen
form of land lease for the remaining land use
period
, except the cases specified in Article 30 of this Law.
13. Land users
that
are willing to advance compensation, support and resettlement
expenses
under compensation, support and resettlement plans approved by the competent
agency
before the effective date of this Law may
be
refunded
by
clearing against their payable land use
levy
or
land
rental
amounts in accordance with the land law in effect before this Law takes effect
.
14. Economic organizations that are entitled to land use
levy
or land rent
al
exemption before the effective date of this Law
but later
wish to
transfer or contributes
their land use rights as capital shall exercise their rights and
perform
their obligations
in accordance with
this Law.
15. Ethnic minorit
y
individuals who are allocated or leased land by the State according to the land support policy
for
ethnic minority people in accordance with the regulations in effect before this Law takes effect and fully satisfy conditions for being entitled to
the
land support polic
y
for ethnic minority people
provided in
this Law
may enjoy such policy in accordance with this Law.
16. For foreign-invested enterprises
specified in
Law on Real Estate Business No. 66/2014/QH13, which has
a number of articles
amended and supplemented
under
Law No. 61/2020/QH14,
that
are carrying out procedures for receiving the
whole
or part of transferred real estate projects but by the effective date of this Law
ha
ve not completed land
-related
procedures for such projects or part of such projects, the competent state agency shall carry out procedures for land allocation
or
lease to transferees and grant
c
ertificates of land use rights and ownership of
land-attached
assets
in accordance with
this Law. Transferees of
the whole
or part of real estate projects
shall
take over land
-related
rights and obligations of project transferors.
This Law was passed on January 18, 2024
, by the 15
th
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam, at its
5
th
extraordinary
session.-
Chairperson of the National Assembly
VUONG DINH HUE
[1]
Công Báo Nos 363-366 (01/3/2024)
This feature is available to
English
or
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Processing, please wait...
You are not logged in.
This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to access detailed information on Related documents.
If you do not have an account, please
register here!
Processing, please wait...
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
VIETNAMESE DOCUMENTS
Land Law 2024 No. 31/2024/QH15 PDF (Original)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Land Law 2024 No. 31/2024/QH15 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
ENGLISH DOCUMENTS
Official Gazette
Land Law 2024 No. 31/2024/QH15 (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Land Law 2024 No. 31/2024/QH15 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
LuatVietnam's translation
Land Law 2024 No. 31/2024/QH15 (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Land Law 2024 No. 31/2024/QH15 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
* Note:
To view documents downloaded from LuatVietnam.vn, please install DOC, DOCX and PDF file readers
For further support, please call
19006192
Circular 100/2026/TT-BTC repealing 06 Circulars issued by Minister of Finance
Decree 278/2026/ND-CP amend Decree 72/2025/ND-CP on mechanism and time frame for adjusting the average electricity retail price
Circular 30/2026/TT-BYT contents of nutrition facts labels and method of nutrition facts labeling of food
Circular 32/2026/TT-NHNN provision of loans by credit institutions and foreign bank branches for offshore investment
Circular 56/2026/TT-BXD working time and rest time for workers performing jobs of special characteristics at sea
Log in
Register
Remember
Forgot password
Log in
Or log in via
* Required information
Username
Email
*
Password
*
Confirm Password
*
I agree to the
Terms & Conditions
and
Personal Data Protection Policy
of LuatVietnam
Register
Forgot password
Enter your account name to recover your password.
Send
Select folder
+ Add folder
Save
Back
Add folder
Bilingual Text
Nội dung tham chiếu