Law on the National Reserve, Law No. 22/2012/QH13
Home
Legal Normative Documents
New documents
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
News
Services
Available translation
On-demand translation
Vietnamese
Home
Legal Normative Documents
National Security; Policy
Search
Advanced Search
Advanced search for legal documents
Filter by
Reset
Types of documents
Law
Ordinance
Decree
Decision
Circular
Joint Circular
Resolution
Directive
Official Dispatch
Regulation
Instruction
Notice
Order
Official Telegram
Plan
Report
Code
Consolidated Text
Convention
Agreement
Treaty
Protocol
Agreement
Treaty
Issuing bodies
Committee for Physical Trainning and Sports
Committee for Population, Family and Children
Council of Ministers
Department of Hanoi public health care
General Department of Customs
General Department of Forestry
General Department of Land Administration
General Department of Post and Telecommunications
General Department of Statistics
General Department of Taxation
General Department of Tourism
Government
Government Commission for Organizational Personnel
Government Committee for Prices
Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
Ministry of Aquatic Products
Ministry of Construction
Ministry of Culture - Information
Ministry of Culture and Information
Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism
Ministry of Education and Training
Ministry of Finance
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Health
Ministry of Home Affairs
Ministry of Industry
Ministry of Industry and Trade
Ministry of Information and Communications
Ministry of Justice
Ministry of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs
Ministry of National Defence
Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment
Ministry of Planning and Investment
Ministry of Post and Telecommunications
Ministry of Public Security
Ministry of Science and Technology
Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment
Ministry of Trade
Ministry of Transport
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
National Assembly Standing Committee
National Committee for International Economic Co-operation
National Committee for Population and Family Planning
Office of the Government
Office of the National Assembly
People' Committee of Ho Chi Minh City
People's Committee of Hanoi
People's Supereme Court
People's Supereme Procuracy
Political Bureau
Prime Minister
Socialist Republic of Vietnam
State Bank
State Bank of Vietnam
State Committee for Co-operation and Investment (SCCI)
State Committee for Ethnic Minorities and Mountainous Areas
State Committee for Planning
State Council
State Securities Commission
The Ethnic Minority Committee
The Judges's Council of the Supreme People's Court
The President
Vietnam Labor General Confederation
Vietnam Social Security
Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee
All fields
Culture - Sports - Tourism
Information - Communications
Agriculture - Forestry
Natural Resources - Environment
Justice
Criminal
Civil law
Marriage and family
Electricity
Bidding - Competition
Appeal - Accuse
Press - Television
Insurance
Emulation - Commendation - Discipline
Administrative border
Commerce - Advertising
Food and drug
Saving - Anti-corruption
National Security
Cadres - Civil Servants
Residence - Population
Immigration
Accounting - Audit
Securities
Navigation
Aquatic products
National defence
Intellectual property
Transport
Administration
Administrative violation
Policy
Enterprise
Organizational structure
Others
Customs
Construction
Science - Technology
Industry
Foreign affairs
Health
Public order
Labor - Salary
Export - Import
Education - Training - Vocational training
Tax - Fee - Charge
Land - Housing
Finance - Banking
Investment
Effect status
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Signers
Abdellatif Ouahbi
Abdelwaheb Abdallah
Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdullah Ali Abdullah Al Yahaya
Abdullah bin Sultan bin Awad Al Nuaimi
Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan
Adisai Bodharamik
Alastair Goodlad
Amaret Sila_on
Amnuay Viravan
Andre Ouellet
Andrew S.Natsisos
Ang Vong Vathana
Anna Lindstedt
Arifin M. Siregar
Au Anh Tuan
B.G (NS) George Yong-Boon Yeo
Bac-ba-ra Su-ma-nop-xka
Bach Thi Minh Huyen
Banh Tien Long
Battsetseg Batmunkh
Be-a-ta Xo-ten-mac
Berkesi Laszlos
Bernard K.Mambe
Bhuvesh Chaturvedi
Brain Cowen
Bui Anh Tuan
Bui Ba Bong
Bui Cach Tuyen
Bui Hong Linh
Bui Hong Minh
Bui Huu Toan
Bui Manh Cuong
Bui Manh Hai
Bui Nguyen Long
Bui Pham Khanh
Bui Quang Vinh
Bui Thanh Son
Bui The Duy
Bui Thi Quynh Van
Bui Thien Ngo
Bui Van Cuong
Bui Van Ga
Bui Van Khang
Bui Van Nam
Bui Van Suong
Bui Xuan Cuong
Bui Xuan Dung
Bui Xuan Khu
Bui Xuan Minh
Bui Xuan Son
Cao Anh Tuan
Cao Duc Phat
Cao Lai Quang
Cao Minh Quang
Cao Quoc Hung
Cao Si Kiem
Cao Viet Sinh
Caryn R. McClelland
Cear V.Purisma
Cecilia Piccioni
Cham Nimul
Cham Pradidh
Cham Prasidh
Chan Sek Keong
Charlotte Laursen
Chau Hue Cam
Chou Vichith
Chu Hao
Chu Ngoc Anh
Chu Pham Ngoc Hien
Chu Tuan Cap
Chu Tuan Nha
Chu Van Nguyen
Chu Van Thinh
Chu Xuan Dung
Commodore(Ns) Teo Chee Hean
Cristian Barros
Cu Ngoc Oanh
Dam Huu Dac
Dam Thi Hoa
Dang cap nhat
Dang Dinh Lam
Dang Dinh Luu
Dang Hanh Thu
Dang Hoang An
Dang Hong Nam
Dang Hung Vo
Dang Huu
Dang Huy Dong
Dang Huynh Mai
Dang Nghiem Chinh
Dang Ngoc Minh
Dang Ngoc Tung
Dang Nhu Loi
Dang Quang Phuong
Dang Quoc Tien
Dang Son Tung
Dang Thanh Binh
Dang Thi Bich Lien
Dang Thi Binh An
Dang Van Tao
Dang Van Tin
Dang Vu Chu
Daniel Tomlinson
Dao Dinh Binh
Dao Hong Lan
Dao Minh Tu
Dao Ngoc Dung
Dao Xuan Hoc
Da-So-Gan-Bon-Do
Dato’ Seri Paduka Haji Kifrawi
DATO’ SRI ONG TEE KEAT
Dick Kling
Diep Kinh Tan
Diep Kinh Tan
Dinh Anh Tuan
Dinh Huu Phi
Dinh La Thang
Dinh Ngoc Thang
Dinh Quang Ngu
Dinh Tien Dung
Dinh Trung Tung
Dinh Van Nha
Dinh Viet Son
Dlamini Zuma
Do Duc Duy
Do Duc Tien
Do Hai Dung
Do Hoang Anh Tuan
Do Huu Hao
Do Ngoc Huynh
Do Nguyen Phuong
Do Nhu Dinh
Do Quang Trung
Do Que Luong
Do Qui Doan
Do Quoc Sam
Do Quy Doan
Do Quy Doan
Do Thang Hai
Do Thanh Binh
Do Thi Xuan Phuong
Do Trung Ta
Do Van Dong
Do Van Sinh
Do Xuan Tuyen
Doan Hoang Minh
Doan Hong Phong
Doan Manh Giao
Doan Mau Diep
Doan Thai Son
Doan Van Viet
Doan Xuan Hung
Doan Xuan Toan
Duong Anh Duc
Duong Duc Tuan
Duong Gia Trien
Duong Quoc Anh
Duong Thu Huong
Duong Tri Dung
Ephraim Ben Matityau
Erik Derycke
Evgeny Shestakov
George Vella
Gia Tan Dinh
Giang Seo Phu
H. A.F.M.O van Mierlo
Ha Cong Tuan
Ha Hung
Ha Hung Cuong
Haike Manning
Hans Winkler
Hirofumi Nakasone
Ho Anh Tuan
Ho Dieu Bang
Ho Duc Phoc
Ho Huan Nghiem
Ho Nghia Dung
Ho Quoc Dung
Ho Te
Ho Thi Kim Thoa
Ho Xuan Hung
Hoang Cong Dung
Hoang Manh Hien
Hoang Minh Duc
Hoang Minh Hao
Hoang Minh Son
Hoang Minh Tuan Anh
Hoang Nghia Mai
Hoang Quoc Vuong
Hoang Quy
Hoang Sy Thanh
Hoang The Lien
Hoang Thi Ha Giang
Hoang Thi Tuyet Hoa
Hoang Trung
Hoang Trung Hai
Hoang Tuan Anh
Hoang Van Huay
Hoang Van Nghien
Hoang Van Phong
Hoang Van Thang
Hoang Viet Cuong
Hoang Vu Thanh
Hon. Robert Debus
HOR Namhong
Hu Cha-Chi
Hua Duc Nhi
Huynh Huu Phuc
Huynh Ngoc Thanh
Huynh Phong Tranh
Huynh Quang Hai
Huynh Thi Nhan
Huynh Vinh Ai
Jack Straw
Jan Vapaavuori
Joaquim Verissimo
John C Tsang
John Sydney Dawkins
Joseisidro N.Camacho
JUSMAN SYAFII DJAMAL
Kham Ouane Boupha
Khong co
Khuat Van Nga
KRASIMIR TSIPOV
Kwon Jong-rak
La Ngoc Khue
Lai Quang Thuc
Lam Thi Phuong Thanh
LASZLO TROCSANYI
Le Anh Tuan
Le Bach Hong
Le Chiem
Le Cong Phung
Le Cong Thanh
Le Danh Vinh
Le Dinh Tho
Le Dinh Tien
Le Doan Hop
Le Duc Anh
Le Duc Luan
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duong Quang
Le Duy Dong
Le Hoa Binh
Le Hoai Trung
Le Hong Anh
Le Hong Hai
Le Hong Nam
Le Hong Nga
Le Hong Son
Le Hung Son
Le Huy Con
Le Huy Ngo
Le Huy Vinh
Le Manh Hung
Le Minh Hoan
Le Minh Hung
Le Minh Huong
Le Minh Khai
Le Minh Ngan
Le Minh Tri
Le Nam Thang
Le Ngoc Hoan
Le Ngoc Trong
Le Quan
Le Quang Cuong
Le Quang Hung
Le Quang Tung
Le Quoc Doanh
Le Quoc Dung
Le Quoc Hung
Le Quoc Khanh
Le Quy Vuong
Le Quy Vuong
Le Tan Can
Le Tan Dung
Le Thanh Do
Le Thanh Liem
Le Thanh Long
Le Thanh Nghi
Le The Tiem
Le Thi Bang Tam
Le Thi Bich Thuan
Le Thi Thu Hang
Le Trung Chinh
Le Van Bang
Le Van Chau
Le Van Khoa
Le Van Tan
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Toan
Le Van Triet
Le Van Truyen
Le Van Tuyen
Le Van Uyen
Le Viet Dung
Le Vinh Tan
Le Vu Hung
Le Xuan Dinh
Le Xuan Trinh
LEANDRO R. MENDOZA
Lee Hsien Long
Lim Hng Kiang
Lim Jock Seng
Lo Thi Nhu
Luong Cuong
Luong Le Phuong
Luong Quoc Dung
Luong Tam Quang
Luong Thi Toi
Luong Van Tu
Luu Chan Dan
Luu Duc Huy
Luu Duc Sau
Luu Duc Tuyen
Luu Manh Tuong
Luu Tran Tieu
Macabangkit Lanto
Mai Ai Truc
Mai Liem Truc
Mai Luong Khoi
Mai Son
Mai Thi Thu Van
Mai Tien Dung
Mai Van Chinh
Mai Van Dau
Mai Xuan Thanh
MAJOR GENERAL THEIN SWE
Manuel M. Dayrit
Marcy Claudio Lopes
Mari Elka Pangestu
Maria Esther Reus Gonzalez
Martin Malvy
Maxim Alexandrovich Travnikov
MICHAEL KEENAN
Michael O. Leavitt
Miguel Angel Moratinos Cuyaube
Miguel Marin Bosch
Mike Penning
Mikulas BEK
Mingkwan Songsuwan
Mohammad Maruf
Muhyiddin Bin Mohammad Yassin
N.Ba-ga-Ban-di
NA-DA MA-LA-GOA-RA-CHI
Nam Viyaketh
Ngo Duy Hieu
Ngo Hai Phan
Ngo The Dan
Ngo Thi Kim Yen
Ngo Thi Minh
Ngo Xuan Hue
Ngo Xuan Lich
Ngo Xuan Loc
Nguen Hoang Tuan
Nguyen An Luong
Nguyen Anh Tuan
Nguyen Ba Hoan
Nguyen Bac Hai
Nguyen Bac Son
Nguyen Bich Dat
Nguyen Cam Tu
Nguyen Cao Luc
Nguyen Chi Dung
Nguyen Cong Binh
Nguyen Cong Dan
Nguyen Cong Nghiep
Nguyen Cong Su
Nguyen Cong Tan
Nguyen Cong Thanh
Nguyen Dai Thanh
Nguyen Dai Tri
Nguyen Danh Huy
Nguyen Danh Thai
Nguyen Dinh Bin
Nguyen Dinh Bong
Nguyen Dinh Khang
Nguyen Dinh Lieu
Nguyen Dinh Loc
Nguyen Dinh Toan
Nguyen Dong Tien
Nguyen Duc Chi
Nguyen Duc Chinh
Nguyen Duc Chung
Nguyen Duc Huy
Nguyen Duc Minh
Nguyen Duc Quang
Nguyen Duc Tam
Nguyen Duong Thai
Nguyen Duy Giang
Nguyen Duy Lam
Nguyen Duy Minh
Nguyen Duy Ngoc
Nguyen Duy Nien
Nguyen Duy Thang
Nguyen Dy Nien
Nguyen Hai Phong
Nguyen Hanh Phuc
Nguyen Hoa Binh
Nguyen Hoang Anh
Nguyen Hoang Hiep
Nguyen Hoang Long
Nguyen Hong Dien
Nguyen Hong Nhi
Nguyen Hong Quan
Nguyen Hong Truong
Nguyen Huu Chi
Nguyen Huu Do
Nguyen Huu Hoai
Nguyen Huu Hung
Nguyen Huu Nghiep
Nguyen Huu Tan
Nguyen Huu Tri
Nguyen Huu Vu
Nguyen Huy Ban
Nguyen Huy Dung
Nguyen Huy Hieu
Nguyen Huy Hoan
Nguyen Huy Luan
Nguyen Huy Tien
Nguyen Huy Tuong
Nguyen Khac Dinh
Nguyen Khanh
Nguyen Khanh Ngoc
Nguyen Khanh Toan
Nguyen Khoa Diem
Nguyen Kim Anh
Nguyen Kim Ly
Nguyen Kim Son
Nguyen Ky Cam
Nguyen Linh Ngoc
Nguyen Loc An
Nguyen Luong Trao
Nguyen Mai
Nguyen Manh Cam
Nguyen Manh Dong
Nguyen Manh Ha
Nguyen Manh Hien
Nguyen Manh Hung
Nguyen Manh Khuong
Nguyen Manh Kiem
Nguyen Minh Hien
Nguyen Minh Hong
Nguyen Minh Quang
Nguyen Minh Thao
Nguyen Minh Thong
Nguyen Minh Triet
Nguyen Minh Tuan
Nguyen Minh Vu
Nguyen Nam Binh
Nguyen Nam Hai
Nguyen Ngoc Bao
Nguyen Ngoc Canh
Nguyen Ngoc Dong
Nguyen Ngoc Hien
Nguyen Ngoc Hong
Nguyen Ngoc Lan
Nguyen Ngoc Phi
Nguyen Ngoc Thien
Nguyen Ngoc Tuan
Nguyen Ngoc Tuc
Nguyen Ngoc Vinh
Nguyen Nhac
Nguyen Nhat
Nguyen Nhat Kha
Nguyen Phu Binh
Nguyen Phu Trong
Nguyen Phuoc Thanh
Nguyen Phuong Nga
Nguyen Quan
Nguyen Quang Dung
Nguyen Quang Ha
Nguyen Quang Huy
Nguyen Que Huong
Nguyen Quoc Dung
Nguyen Quoc Huy
Nguyen Quoc Thanh
Nguyen Quoc Tri
Nguyen Quoc Trieu
Nguyen Sinh Hung
Nguyen Sinh Nhat Tan
Nguyen Son
Nguyen Sy Hiep
Nguyen Tam Chien
Nguyen Tan Dung
Nguyen Tan Trinh
Nguyen Tan Van
Nguyen Thac Giap
Nguyen Thai Binh
Nguyen Thai Duong
Nguyen Thai Lai
Nguyen Thanh
Nguyen Thanh Bien
Nguyen Thanh Cung
Nguyen Thanh Hoa
Nguyen Thanh Hung
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Long
Nguyen Thanh Nghi
Nguyen Thanh Phong
Nguyen Thanh Son
Nguyen Thanh Tinh
Nguyen The Manh
Nguyen The Phuong
Nguyen Thi Bich Ngoc
Nguyen Thi Cuc
Nguyen Thi Ha
Nguyen Thi Hang
Nguyen Thi Hanh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Anh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Lan
Nguyen Thi Hong
Nguyen Thi Hong Minh
Nguyen Thi Huong Lan
Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan
Nguyen Thi Kim Phung
Nguyen Thi Kim Tien
Nguyen Thi Le
Nguyen Thi Le Thanh
Nguyen Thi Lien Huong
Nguyen Thi Minh
Nguyen Thi Minh Nguyet
Nguyen Thi Nghia
Nguyen Thi Phuong Hoa
Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong
Nguyen Thi Thu
Nguyen Thi Thu Phuong
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Xuan Thu
Nguyen Thi Xuyen
Nguyen Thien Luan
Nguyen Thien Nhan
Nguyen Thuy Hien
Nguyen Tien Dinh
Nguyen Tien Dung
Nguyen Tien Hong
Nguyen Tien Sam
Nguyen Tien Trung
Nguyen Tien Truong
Nguyen Toan Thang
Nguyen Tran Nam
Nguyen Tri Thuc
Nguyen Tri Tue
Nguyen Trong Dam
Nguyen Trong Dieu
Nguyen Trong Du
Nguyen Trung Khanh
Nguyen Trung Kien
Nguyen Truong Son
Nguyen Tuong Van
Nguyen Van An
Nguyen Van Binh
Nguyen Van Cam
Nguyen Van Can
Nguyen Van Chi
Nguyen Van Cong
Nguyen Van Dang
Nguyen Van Duc
Nguyen Van Duoc
Nguyen Van Giau
Nguyen Van Hien
Nguyen Van Hieu
Nguyen Van Hoi
Nguyen Van Hong
Nguyen Van Hung
Nguyen Van Huong
Nguyen Van Khai
Nguyen Van Lien
Nguyen Van Long
Nguyen Van Nen
Nguyen Van Nganh
Nguyen Van Ngu
Nguyen Van Phuc
Nguyen Van Phung
Nguyen Van Rinh
Nguyen Van San
Nguyen Van Sanh
Nguyen Van Sinh
Nguyen Van Suu
Nguyen Van Thang
Nguyen Van Thanh
Nguyen Van The
Nguyen Van Tho
Nguyen Van Thuong
Nguyen Van Tien
Nguyen Van Trung
Nguyen Van Tung
Nguyen Van Vinh Chau
Nguyen Van Vong
Nguyen Vi Ninh
Nguyen Viet Hung
Nguyen Viet Thang
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Vinh Hien
Nguyen Xuan Chuan
Nguyen Xuan Cuong
Nguyen Xuan Duong
Nguyen Xuan Phuc
Nguyen Xuan Quang
Nguyen Xuan Sang
Nguyen Xuan Thanh
Nguyen Xuan Thao
Nguyen Xuan Thuy
Nicola Louise Roxon
Nong Duc Manh
Nong Phi Quang
Obaid Humaid Al Tayer
Oldemiro Julio Marques Baloi
Olga Algajerova
OsMan Giines
Pan Sorasak
Patrizia Toia
Paula Lehtomaki
Pedro Mejia Gomez
PEHIN DATO ABU BAKAR APONG
Peter B.Favila
Peter D. Garrucho
Peter Ricketts
Peter Szijjarto
Pham Binh Minh
Pham Cong Tac
Pham Duc Long
Pham Duy Anh
Pham Duy Khuong
Pham Gia Khiem
Pham Gia Tuc
Pham Hoang Duc
Pham Hong Giang
Pham Hong Ha
Pham Hong Hai
Pham Khoi Nguyen
Pham Le Tuan
Pham Manh Hung
Pham Manh Thang
Pham Minh Chinh
Pham Minh Ha
Pham Minh Huan
Pham Ngac
Pham Ngoc Thuong
Pham Quang Dung
Pham Quang Nghi
Pham Quang Ngoc
Pham Quang Tuyen
Pham Quang Vinh
Pham Quoc Anh
Pham Quoc Hung
Pham Quy Ngo
Pham Quy Tieu
Pham Quy Ty
Pham Si Chien
Pham Si Danh
Pham Sy Chung
Pham Sy Danh
Pham Thanh Binh
Pham Thanh Ha
Pham The Minh
Pham Thi Hai Chuyen
Pham Thi Thanh Tra
Pham Tien Dung
Pham Van Dinh
Pham Van Hau
Pham Van Huyen
Pham Van Khanh
Pham Van Phuong
Pham Van Tra
Pham Van Trong
Pham Vu Luan
Pham Xuan Tien
Phan Chi Hieu
Phan Khac Hai
Phan Quang Trung
Phan Tam
Phan Thai Dung
Phan The Rue
Phan Thi My Linh
Phan Thi Thang
Phan Tien Lan
Phan Trung Kien
Phan Van Anh
Phan Van Da
Phan Van Dinh
Phan Van Giang
Phan Van Khai
Phan Van Mai
Phan Van Men
Phan Van Tiem
Phan Van Trong
Phi Dang Minh
Phi Van Tuan
Pho-do-ri-co Gon-xa-let Phran-co
Phung Duc Tien
Phung Khac Ke
Phung Ngoc Hung
Phung Quang Thanh
Phung Xuan Nha
Phuong Huu Oanh
Pierre.S.Pettigrew
Pirapan Salirathavibhaga
Pra-Chuop Chai-Ya-San
Quach Dang Hoa
Rafael Catala Polo
Rafidah Aziz
Rashid Tussupbekov
RAYMOND LIM
Rini M.S. Soewandi
Rizalino S. Navarro
ROBERT PELIKAN
Ryszard Michalski
Saadi Salama
Sergey Lavrov
SOMMAD PHOLSENA
SOPHON ZARAM
Soulivong Daravong
SUSHILKUMAR SHINDE
T. Ariwibowo
Ta Anh Tuan
Ta Ca
Ta Manh Hung
Ta Quang Dong
Ta Quang Khanh
Ta Quang Ngoc
Ta Quoc Trung
Ta Thi Phuong Lan
Tan Sri Abdul Gani Patail
Tang Chi Thuong
Tao Huu Phung
TAUCH CHANKOSAL
Tea Varak
Thai Van Tai
Tharman Shanmugaratnam
Thi Van Tam
Thongbanh Sengaphone
Tibor Navracsics
To Anh Dung
To Lam
To Tu Ha
Tong Anh Hao
Tong Thi Minh
Tong Van Nga
Toshiko Abe
Tran Anh Tuan
Tran Chi Dao
Tran Chi Liem
Tran Chien Thang
Tran Cong Phan
Tran Dai Quang
Tran Dinh Duy
Tran Dinh Hoan
Tran Dinh Khoa
Tran Dinh Lieu
Tran Doan Tho
Tran Duc Lai
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Dung Ha
Tran Duy Dong
Tran Hanh
Tran Hiep Hung
Tran Hong Ha
Tran Lum
Tran Luu Quang
Tran Minh Phuc
Tran Minh Tuan
Tran Ngoc Binh
Tran Ngoc Liem
Tran Ngoc Thien
Tran Quan
Tran Quang Bao
Tran Quang Lam
Tran Quang Quy
Tran Quoc Khanh
Tran Quoc Phuong
Tran Quoc Thang
Tran Quy Kien
Tran Thanh Hai
Tran Thanh Man
Tran Thanh Nam
Tran The Ngoc
Tran Thi Thanh Binh
Tran Thi Thanh Thanh
Tran Thi Trung Chien
Tran Thu
Tran Tien Dung
Tran Tuan Anh
Tran Van Chung
Tran Van Dang
Tran Van Dung
Tran Van Hieu
Tran Van Son
Tran Van Ta
Tran Van Thuan
Tran Van Truyen
Tran Van Tu
Tran Van Tuan
Tran Van Tung
Tran Viet Tan
Tran Viet Thanh
Tran Vinh Tuyen
Tran Xuan Gia
Tran Xuan Ha
Trieu Van Be
Trinh Dinh Dung
Trinh Hong Duong
Trinh Quan Huan
Trinh Thi Thuy
Trinh To Tam
Trinh Xuan Truong
Truong Chi Trung
Truong Chinh
Truong Dinh Tuyen
Truong Hoa Binh
Truong Minh Tuan
Truong Quang Nghia
Truong Quoc Cuong
Truong Tan Sang
Truong Tan Vien
Truong Thanh Hoai
Truong Thi Mai
Truong Van Doan
Truong Vinh Trong
Ts. Hamid Awaludin
TSEND NYAMDORJ
U Khin Maung Win
U Soe Tha
Uong Chu Luu
Van Trong Ly
Vilay LAKHAMPHONG
Vince Henderson
Vitezslav Grepl
Vo Chi Cong
Vo Hong Phuc
Vo Minh Luong
Vo Thai Hoa
Vo Thanh Hung
Vo Tuan Nhan
Vo Van Hoan
Vo Van Hung
Vo Van Kiet
Vo Van Minh
Vo Van Thuong
Vu Bang
Vu Cao Cuong
Vu Chien Thang
Vu Duc Dam
Vu Dung
Vu Hai Quan
Vu Hai San
Vu Hong Khanh
Vu Hong Nam
Vu Hong Thuan
Vu Huy Hoang
Vu Khac Lien
Vu Khoan
Vu Le Quan
Vu Manh Ha
Vu Mong Giao
Vu Ngoc Anh
Vu Thi Lien
Vu Thi Mai
Vu Trong Hong
Vu Tuan Canh
Vu Tuan Cuong
Vu Van Ninh
Vu Van Tam
Vu Van Truong
Vuong Dinh Hue
Vy Trong Toan
Watana Muangsook
Yahya AKKURT
Yeo Cheow Tong
Yoon Young – Kwan
Yoriko Kawaguchi
Yrou Young - Kwan
Yury Nazaranka
Zafar Sh. Ruziev
Zdravko Marie
Zhakyp Assanov
Ziradin Jovanovic
Translation types
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
Summary
Content
Status
Vietnamese
Related documents
Diagram
Download
Bilingual Text
Please
log in
to your
Advanced Package
to view the full text. Do not have an account yet?
Register here
.
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Print
Share:
Text mode:
Light
|
Dark
Font size:
Send link to email
Send
Error message
Law on the National Reserve, Law No. 22/2012/QH13
* Required information
Email
*
Content
*
Send
ATTRIBUTE Law on the National Reserve
Law No. 22/2012/QH13 dated November 20, 2012 of the National Assembly on the National Reserve
Issuing body:
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
Effective date:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Official number:
22/2012/QH13
Signer:
Nguyen Sinh Hung
Type:
Law
Expiry date:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Issuing date:
20/11/2012
Effect status:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Fields:
National Security
,
Policy
For more details,
click here.
Download files
here.
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
Effect status:
Known
The Effect status of this document is known.This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to view Effect status. Don’t have an account?
Register here
THE PRESIDENT
Order No. 24/2012/L-CTN of December 3, 2012, on the promulgation of law
THE PRESIDENT OF THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Pursuant to Articles 103 and 106 of the 1992 Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam, which was amended and supplemented under Resolution No. 51/2001/QH10 of December 25, 2001, of the 10
th
National Assembly, the 10
th
session;
Pursuant to Article 91 of the Law on Organization of the National Assembly;
Pursuant to Article 57 of the Law on Promulgation of Legal Documents,
PROMULGATES
:
The Law on the National Reserve,
which was passed on November 20, 2012, by the XIII
th
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam at its 4
th
session.
President of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
TRUONG TAN SANG
Law on the National Reserve
(No. 22/2012/QH13)
Pursuant to the 1992 Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam, which was amended and supplemented under Resolution No. 51/2001/QH10;
The National Assembly promulgates the Law on the National Reserve.
Chapter I
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Article 1.
Scope of regulation
This Law prescribes the formation, management, administration and use of the national reserve; and the rights and obligations of agencies, organizations and individuals in national-reserve activities.
Article 2.
Subjects of application
This Law applies to agencies, organizations and individuals involved in the formation, management, administration and use of the national reserve.
Article 3.
Objectives of the national reserve
The State forms and uses the national reserve to proactively meet unexpected and urgent requirements in the prevention, combat and remedy of consequences of natural disasters, catastrophes, fires and epidemics and to serve national defense and security.
Article 4.
Interpretation of terms
In this Law, the terms below are construed as follows:
1.
National reserve
means the reserve of supplies, equipment and commodities managed and stored by the State.
2.
National reserve activities
means the formulation and implementation of strategies, master plans, plans and budget estimates on the national reserve; the building of the system of physical-technical foundations; and the management, administration and use of the national reserve.
3.
National reserve commodities
means supplies, equipment and commodities on the list of national reserve commodities managed and stored by the State for use for the national-reserve objectives.
4.
List of national reserve commodities
means the names of commodity groups, the names of supplies and the names of equipment used for the national reserve.
5.
Administration of the national reserve
means activities of management, warehousing, delivery, purchase, sale, preservation and protection of national reserve commodities.
6.
National reserve commodities-managing ministry or sector
means a ministry, ministerial-level agency or government-attached agency directly managing national reserve activities under the Government’s assignment.
7.
National reserve unit
means an organization of a national reserve commodities-managing ministry or sector which is assigned to directly manage, warehouse, deliver, purchase, sell, preserve and protect national reserve commodities.
8.
Unexpected and urgent circumstance
means natural disaster, fire or epidemic, which is in danger of breaking out on a vast scale; a defense, security or social order and safety task which must be immediately dealt with.
9.
Total national reserve volume
means the total national reserve value.
10.
Level of allocation for the national reserve
means the money amount arranged for the national reserve in annual state budget estimates.
11.
National-reserve commodity storage duration
means the maximum duration from the time of warehousing to the time of delivering national reserve commodities.
12.
Delivery for free supply of national reserve commodities
means the delivery of national reserve commodities for free-of-charge supply to organizations and individuals.
Article 5.
State policies on the national reserve
1. The State adopts national-reserve development strategies, master plans and plans in conformity with the national socio-economic development strategy, master plan and plan in each period.
2. The State builds a strong and rationally structured national reserve to ensure achievement of the national-reserve objectives and suit the state budget balancing capacity.
3. The State adopts investment policies for national reserve-related scientific and technical development and application of preservation technology and information technology in order to modernize national-reserve activities.
4. The State adopts policies to mobilize resources and encourage and create conditions for organizations and individuals to participate in national-reserve activities.
5. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 6.
Sources for formation of the national reserve
The national reserve is formed from the following sources:
1. The state budget;
2. Lawful resources other than the state budget, which are put into the national reserve, include resources acquired from voluntary investment to construct physical foundations, the supply of information technology for the management and preservation of national reserve commodities, direct preservation of national reserve commodities; commodities and supplies mobilized from organizations and individuals in unexpected and urgent circumstances in accordance with law.
Article 7.
Principles of management and use of national reserve commodities
1. National reserve commodities must be strictly, safely and secretly managed in accordance with law, and must proactively and promptly meet the national-reserve requirements and objectives. Delivered national reserve commodities must be adequately and promptly made up for.
2. National reserve commodities must be used for proper purposes and in accordance with law, and may not be used for commercial purposes.
Article 8.
National-reserve organizations
1. National-reserve organizations must be concentrated and unified under the administration of the Government and the Prime Minister. The Government shall assign ministries and sectors to manage national reserve commodities in accordance with law.
2. The system of national-reserve organizations shall be arranged at the central level and in strategic regions and areas nationwide in order to promptly meet the national-reserve requirements and objectives, which comprises:
a/ The specialized national reserve management agency under the Ministry of Finance, which is organized in a hierarchical system, comprising the central agency and local units in different regions;
b/ Units of the Ministry of National Defense and the Ministry of Public Security and sections performing part-time national-reserve work in ministries and sectors managing national reserve commodities.
Article 9.
Regimes and policies applicable to national-reserve personnel
1. National-reserve personnel includes:
a/ Civil servants and public employees working at the specialized national-reserve management agency;
b/ National-reserve personnel being armymen and public security officers;
c/ Civil servants and public employees performing national reserve work in ministries and sectors.
2. The national-reserve personnel defined at Points a and b, Clause 1 of this Article are entitled to seniority allowances and occupational-preference allowances depending on the fields and nature of their work.
The Government shall detail this Clause.
Article 10.
Contents of state management of the national reserve
1. To promulgate, and organize the implementation of, legal documents on the national reserve.
2. To decide on national-reserve development strategies, master plans, plans and policies.
3. To specify the list of national reserve commodities; to allocate state budget for the national reserve; to decide on delivery, warehousing, purchase and sale of national reserve commodities.
4. To organize research into and application of scientific and technical advances and preservation technologies to national reserve commodities.
5. To propagate, disseminate and educate about the law on the national reserve.
6. To organize national-reserve operation training and retraining.
7. To inspect, examine, settle complaints and denunciations and handle violations of the law on the national reserve.
8. To carry out international cooperation on the national reserve.
Article 11.
Specialized national-reserve inspection
1. Agencies performing the state management tasks in the field of the national reserve shall perform the specialized national reserve inspection in accordance with the inspection law.
2. Specialized national-reserve inspection means the inspection of the observance of the law on the national reserve in accordance with this Law and relevant laws.
3. The powers and responsibilities of the specialized national-reserve inspectorate; the rights and obligations of inspected organizations and persons and related organizations and persons comply with the inspection law.
Article 12.
Tasks and powers of the National Assembly and the National Assembly Standing Committee
1. The National Assembly has the following tasks and powers:
a/ To decide on national-reserve development policies and national-reserve resource orientations, to approve five-year national-reserve plans;
b/ To decide on the level of annual central budget allocation for the national reserve.
2. The National Assembly Standing Committee has the following tasks and powers:
a/ To decide on annual additional central budget allocations for the national reserve (if any);
b/ To decide on central budget-financed purchases to make up for the delivered national reserve commodities;
c/ To adjust the list of national reserve commodities.
Article 13.
Tasks and powers of the Government and the Prime Minister
1. The Government shall perform the unified state management of the national reserve, having the following tasks and powers:
a/ To submit to the National Assembly for decision national-reserve development policies, national-reserve resource orientations and five-year national-reserve plans;
b/ To submit to the National Assembly for decision the level of annual central budget allocation for the national reserve;
c/ To submit to the National Assembly Standing Committee for decision annual additional central budget allocations for the national reserve (if any);
d/ To submit to the National Assembly Standing Committee for decision central budget-financed purchases to make up for the delivered national reserve commodities;
e/ To submit to the National Assembly Standing Committee adjustments to the list of national reserve commodities;
f/ To assign ministries and sectors to manage national reserve commodities.
2. The Prime Minister has the following tasks and powers:
a/ To approve the national-reserve strategies, annual national-reserve plans and the master plan on the system of national-reserve warehouses;
b/ To assign state budget plans and estimates for the national reserve within the state budget estimates approved by the National Assembly;
c/ To decide on the warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities in accordance with this Law and relevant laws.
Article 14.
Tasks and powers of the Ministry of Finance
The Ministry of Finance shall assist the Government in performing the state management of the national reserve, having the following tasks and powers:
1. To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the Ministry of Planning and Investment in, advising the Government on national-reserve development policies, national-reserve resource orientations and five-year national-reserve plans for submission to the National Assembly;
2. To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the Ministry of Planning and Investment in, preparing state budget estimates and central budget allocation plans for the Government to submit to the National Assembly for decision annual plans on central budget allocation for the national reserve to national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors;
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the Ministry of Planning and Investment in, reporting to the Government on annual additional central budget additions for the national reserve (if any), for submission to the National Assembly Standing Committee for decision;
3. To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the Ministry of Planning and Investment and national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors in, formulating the national-reserve strategies, annual national-reserve plans, master plan on the system of national-reserve warehouses, scientific research and application of national-reserve commodity preservation technologies for submission to the Prime Minister for approval;
4. To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors in, formulating and promulgating national technical standards and techno-economic norms of national reserve commodities;
5. To organize the administration of national-reserve activities, to examine and inspect the implementation of annual plans and the Prime Minister’s decisions on the national reserve; to settle complaints and denunciations and handle violations of the law on the national reserve according to its competence;
6. Based on annual state budget estimates, national-reserve plans and techno-economic norms of national reserve commodities, to ensure financial sources for the national reserve for national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors; to appraise and summarize the settlement of state budget expenditures for the national reserve;
7. To promulgate according to its competence documents on regimes of financial and budgetary management, decide on maximum purchase prices, minimum sale prices, prices of damage compensation for national reserve commodities and expenses for the warehousing, delivery, purchase, sale, preservation and insurance of national reserve commodities; to guide, monitor and check the quantity, quality and value of national reserve commodities; to organize the implementation of regulations on management, preservation, purchase, sale, warehousing, delivery and rotary exchange of national reserve commodities.
Article 15.
Tasks and powers of the Ministry of Planning and Investment
1. To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the Ministry of Finance in, arranging and allocating capital construction investment funds for the national reserve.
2. To coordinate with the Ministry of Finance in formulating national-reserve strategies, master plans, five-year and annual plans for submission to the Prime Minister.
3. To coordinate with the Ministry of Finance in advising the Government on annual plans on central budget allocation for the national reserve to be submitted to the National Assembly for decision; to coordinate with the Ministry of Finance in reporting to the Government on the level of annual central budget addition for the national reserve (if any) for submission to the National Assembly Standing Committee for decision.
Article 16.
Tasks and powers of national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors
1. To participate in formulating national-reserve strategies, master plans, plans and lists, technical standards of national reserve commodities, techno-economic norms of national reserve commodities and reserve level of each kind of national reserve commodity;
2. To direct their attached national reserve units in implementing national-reserve plans; to sign and perform contracts for hired preservation of national reserve commodities in accordance with law;
3. To send reports on the management and use of national reserve commodities to the Ministry of Finance for summarization and reporting to the Prime Minister.
Article 17.
Tasks and powers of the specialized national reserve agency
1. To advise the Ministry of Finance on performing the state management of the national reserve; to directly manage national reserve commodities in accordance with this Law and other relevant laws.
2. To advise the Ministry of Finance on assuming the prime responsibility for, and coordinating with the national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors in, summarizing the situation of management and use of national reserve commodities for reporting to the Prime Minister.
3. To examine the warehousing, delivery, purchase, sale, preservation and use of national reserve commodities in accordance with this Law.
4. To assist the Ministry of Finance in assuming the prime responsibility for, and coordinating with the related ministries and sectors in, formulating national technical standards and techno-economic norms for national reserve commodities; to send summarization reports on national-reserve activities to the Ministry of Finance for submission to the Prime Minister.
5. To submit to the Ministry of Finance for decision management and preservation funds of national reserve commodities-preserving units.
Article 18.
Tasks and powers of national-reserve units
1. To directly preserve and protect national reserve commodities, ensuring their adequate quantity, proper quality and types and in designated locations as required by competent agencies.
2. To promptly meet the requirements of mobilization and use of national reserve commodities in all circumstances.
3. To warehouse, deliver, purchase and sell national reserve commodities under decisions of competent agencies.
4. To supervise the warehousing, delivery, purchase, sale and rotary exchange of national reserve commodities in accordance with law.
Article 19.
Tasks and powers of organizations and enterprises performing hired-preservation contracts
1. To directly preserve national reserve commodities, ensuring their adequate quantity, proper quality and types and in designated locations according to the signed contracts.
2. To promptly warehouse, deliver, purchase and sell national reserve commodities under decisions of competent agencies.
3. To rotate and exchange old national reserve commodities for new ones of same types, quantities and quality in accordance with law.
4. To report on the warehousing, delivery and in-stock quantities of national reserve commodities to the specialized national reserve agency and preservation-hiring ministries and sectors.
Article 20.
Tasks and powers of provincial-level People’s Committees
1. To propagate, disseminate and implement policies and law on the national reserve.
2. To direct functional agencies to coordinate with agencies and units directly managing the national reserve in their localities in warehousing, delivering, purchasing, selling, preserving and transporting national reserve commodities, ensuring safe and secret national-reserve activities in the localities.
3. To arrange land for the construction of national-reserve warehouses in line with the approved master plan on the system of national-reserve warehouses.
Article 21.
Assignment of management of national reserve commodities
1. The Ministry of Finance shall directly organize the management and preservation of national reserve commodities to meet the requirements of production, daily life, rescue, salvage, relief, prevention, combat and remedy of consequences of natural disasters, catastrophes and fires.
2. The Ministry of National Defense and the Ministry of Public Security shall directly organize the management and preservation of national reserve commodities to serve defense and security requirements and tasks.
3. The Government shall assign ministries and sectors to directly organize the management and preservation of national reserve commodities other than those specified in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article.
Article 22.
Prohibited acts
1. Disclosing state secrets on the national reserve.
2. Abusing the warehousing, delivery, purchase, sale, preservation or transportation of national reserve commodities, altering purchase or sale prices of national reserve commodities without permission for self-seeking purposes.
3. Irresponsibly or deliberately acting against the regulations on management of the national reserve, thus causing damage, loss or waste of national reserve assets.
4. Infringing upon or destroying national reserve physical-technical foundations and commodities.
5. Obstructing national-reserve activities.
6. Using national reserve commodities for improper purposes.
7. Warehousing, delivering, purchasing and selling national reserve commodities ultra vires, or not of proper types, quantities or quality and in designated locations.
8. Illegally intervening in national-reserve activities.
9. Improperly implementing the laws on accounting and statistics in national-reserve activities.
10. Hiring unqualified organizations or enterprises to preserve national reserve commodities.
Chapter II
NATIONAL-RESERVE STRATEGIES AND PLANS
Article 23.
National-reserve strategies
1. Principles of formulation of national-reserve strategies:
a/ Conformity with strategies and plans for socio-economic development, defense and security maintenance, and with sectoral and regional master plans in each period;
b/ Suitability to the state budget-balancing capacity;
c/ Being based on forecasts about the world, regional and domestic situations and possible unexpected and urgent circumstances.
2. Contents of a national reserve strategy:
a/ National reserve objectives, ensuring sustainable development requirements and conformity with the process of international economic integration;
b/ National reserve resources; plans on national reserve arrangement for different strategic regions and areas; assurance of efficient and proper management and use; readiness to respond to unexpected and urgent circumstances;
c/ National reserve development orientations;
d/ Major tasks and solutions to the implementation of the national reserve strategy.
3. National reserve strategies must be formulated for every 10-year period with a 20-year vision and in line with socio-economic development strategies.
Article 24.
National reserve plans
1. National reserve plans must be formulated every five years and annually and included in socio-economic development plans.
2. Grounds for formulation of national-reserve plans:
a/ National-reserve development strategy;
b/ National-reserve objectives;
c/ The state budget-balancing capacity;
d/ Forecasts of domestic and international socio-economic situations.
3. Contents of a national-reserve plan:
a/ The period-end national-reserve level;
b/ Plan for increase and reduction of the national reserve, rotary exchange of commodities;
c/ Investment in the development of physical and technical foundations;
d/ Scientific and technological research and application;
e/ Plans for balancing financial sources for national-reserve activities.
Article 25.
Total national-reserve volume
The total national-reserve volume is guaranteed for the attainment of national-reserve objectives.
Article 26.
National-reserve modes
The national reserve is reserved in supplies, equipment and commodities.
Article 27.
Lists of national reserve commodities
1. Commodities on the list of national reserve commodities must satisfy the national-reserve objectives specified in Article 3 of this Law and one of the following criteria:
a/ Being strategic and essential, having a high use frequency or an effect of timely response in unexpected and urgent circumstances;
b/ Being of special types, which cannot be replaced;
c/ Being supplies, equipment and commodities assuring defense and security but their domestic production has not yet met the quantity, quality and type requirements.
2. The list of national reserve commodities covers the following commodity groups:
a/ Food;
b/ Rescue and salvage supplies and equipment;
c/ Supplies of common use for industrial mobilization;
d/ White salt;
e/ Fuel;
f/ Industrial explosives;
g/ Plant seeds;
h/ Plant protection drugs;
i/ Germicide chemicals used for environment cleaning, treatment of water for daily-life use and aquaculture;
j/ Medicines used for human diseases and epidemics;
k/ Drugs used for cattle, poultry, plant and aquatic diseases and epidemics;
l/ Supplies, equipment and commodities to serve defense and security.
3. When necessary to adjust the list of national reserve commodities, the Government shall report it to the National Assembly Standing Committee for consideration and decision.
4. The Government shall detail Clause 2 of this Article.
Chapter III
STATE BUDGET EXPENDITURES FOR THE NATIONAL RESERVE
Article 28.
State budget expenditures for the national reserve
1. State budget expenditures for the national reserve comply with the Law on the State Budget and are included in annual state budget estimates.
2. The Ministry of Finance shall manage and allocate funds for the purchase of national reserve commodities, purchase of national reserve commodities to make up for those delivered in the plan year after they are approved by competent authorities.
Article 29.
State budget expenditures for purchase of national reserve commodities
1. Based on national-reserve plans and assigned expenditure estimates for the national reserve, the Ministry of Finance shall allocate funds for the national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors to purchase national reserve commodities according to regulations.
2. In case of purchase to make up for the delivered national reserve commodities, the national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors shall send the additional budget estimates to the Ministry of Finance for submission to the Prime Minister.
3. For the state budget estimates assigned to ministries and sectors for purchase to increase or to make up for the national reserve commodities in the plan year which have not yet been used up due to inadequate purchase of national reserve commodities; supplies, equipment and commodities with a manufacture or production cycle longer than the budget year or a seasonable cycle; special commodities to serve defense and security, the Minister of Finance shall consider and decide to transfer them to the subsequent year at the proposal of the heads of these ministries or sectors.
Article 30.
State budget expenditures for capital construction investment in the national reserve
1. State budget expenditures for capital construction investment in the national reserve are included in annual development investment plans of the national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors.
2. The national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors shall manage and use capital construction investment funds in accordance with law.
Article 31.
State budget expenditures for national-reserve management activities
1. State budget expenditures for national-reserve management activities cover expenditure for operations of the management apparatus; expenditure for  warehousing, delivery, purchase, sale, preservation, protection and insurance of national reserve commodities; expenditures for scientific research and application of preservation technologies; expenditures for training and training of cadres, civil servants and public employees performing national-reserve work and other expenditures prescribed by law.
2. State budget expenditures for national-reserve management activities of ministries, sectors and national-reserve units comply with plans, estimates, norms and contracts for hired preservation of national reserve commodities and with the current financial and budgetary management regimes.
3. Expenditures for warehousing, delivery and preservation of national reserve commodities comply with the package funding regime.
4. Expenditures for warehousing and delivery for free supply of national reserve commodities under the Prime Minister’s decisions must be allocated by the Ministry of Finance according to the approved estimates.
The national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors shall base themselves on techno-economic norms and national reserve commodity preservation contracts to prepare budget estimates for the warehousing, delivery and preservation of national reserve commodities and report them to the Ministry of Finance for approval before implementation; pending such approval, the Minister of Finance may decide to pay advances for national reserve agencies and units to deploy the implementation.
Article 32.
Financial mechanism, accounting and audit regimes, statistical and reporting regimes applicable to the national reserve
1. The financial mechanism applicable to the national reserve complies with the Law on the State Budget and relevant laws.
The national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors shall estimate state budget expenditures for national-reserve activities and send them to the Ministry of Finance for examination, appraisal, summarization and reporting to the Government for submission to the National Assembly for approval.
After the above state budget expenditure estimates are approved by the National Assembly, the Prime Minister shall decide on the assignment of these estimates and the Ministry of Finance shall distribute them to the national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors.
2. The national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors and national reserve units and national reserve commodities-preserving organizations and enterprises shall abide by the laws on financial and budgetary management, accounting, statistical, audit and the reporting regime applicable to the national reserve.
3. The national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors shall examine and approve the settlement of state budget funds already allocated to national reserve commodities-preserving units and take responsibility for the approved settlement; summarize the settlement and report it to the Ministry of Finance, which shall appraise and summarize the national-reserve settlement for reporting to the Government.
National-reserve state budget settlement reports must be audited in accordance with law.
Chapter IV
MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE NATIONAL RESERVE
Section 1
WAREHOUSING AND DELIVERY OF NATIONAL RESERVE COMMODITIES
Article 33.
Principles of warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities
The warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities must ensure the following principles:
1. Conformity with plan and competence;
2. Assurance of proper types, quantity, quality, prices, locations; timeliness and safety; compliance with warehousing and delivery procedures prescribed by law.
Article 34.
Cases of warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities
1. Warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities under the Prime Minister’s decisions as provided in Article 35 of this Law.
2. Warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities in unexpected and urgent circumstances as provided in Article 36 of this Law.
3. Warehousing, delivery and rotary exchange of national reserve commodities under assigned plan targets as provided in Article 37 of this Law.
4. Warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities in other cases as provided in Article 39 of this Law.
Article 35.
Warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities under the Prime Minister’s decisions
1. The Prime Minister shall decide on the warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities in the following circumstances:
a/ When chairpersons of People’s Committees of provinces or centrally run cities (below collectively referred to as provincial-level People’s Committees) announce the occurrence of an epidemic in their localities;
b/ Preventing and fighting, and overcoming consequences of, natural disasters, catastrophes, epidemics or fires, or famine relief;
c/ When market prices rise or fall abnormally;
d/ Meeting the defense or security requirements.
2. The process of delivering national reserve commodities
a/ For cases of delivery of national reserve commodities specified at Points a and b, Clause 1 of this Article, chairpersons of provincial-level People’s Committees and heads of line ministries or sectors shall send reports thereon to the Prime Minister for consideration and decision. The Ministry of Finance shall appraise them before submission to the Prime Minister.
b/ For cases of delivery of national reserve commodities when the market prices rise or fall abnormally, the Minister of Finance shall propose the Prime Minister to decide thereon.
c/ For cases of delivery of national reserve commodities to meet the defense or security requirements, the Ministry of National Defense or the Ministry of Public Security shall send a written request to the Ministry of Finance for appraisal and submission to the Prime Minister for decision.
Article 36.
Warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities in unexpected and urgent circumstances
In the unexpected and urgent circumstances specified in Clause 8, Article 4 of this Law, the competence to decide on warehousing or delivery of national commodities is exercised as follows:
1. The Prime Minister shall urgently decide on the warehousing or delivery of national reserve commodities.
2. The Minister of Finance, the Minister of National Defense, the Minister of Public Security and the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development shall decide on the warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities according to the following provisions:
a/ To temporarily deliver national reserve supplies and equipment to timely serve arising tasks; after the tasks are fulfilled, to immediately recover them for maintenance, re-warehousing and preservation according to regulations or to report thereon to the Prime Minister for decision.
b/ To immediately warehouse or deliver for free supply national reserve commodities with a value within the Minister of Finance’s budget expenditure-deciding competence defined in the Law on the State Budget for timely serving every task that may arise.
3. Persons competent to decide on the warehousing or delivery of national reserve commodities under Clause 2 of this Article shall manage and use the commodities for proper purposes and subjects; report thereon to the Prime Minister and notify such to the Ministry of Finance within 3 working days after making such decisions and take responsibility for their decisions.
4. The Ministry of Finance shall inspect the warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities prescribed in this Article, report violations to the Prime Minister for timely handling and take responsibility for inspection results.
Article 37.
Warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities under plans and rotary exchange of national reserve commodities
1. The warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities under plans and rotary exchange of national reserve commodities must be carried out annually. The national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors shall draw up plans on warehousing, rotary exchange and delivery of national reserve commodities and send them to the Ministry of Finance for summarization and reporting to the Prime Minister for decision.
2. Heads of the national reserve commodities-managing ministries or sectors shall organize the implementation of the plans for warehousing, delivery and rotary exchange of national reserve commodities; if the plans are not completed in the plan year, they shall report to the Ministry of Finance for submission to the Prime Minister for consideration and decision.
3. If money amounts earned from the sale of commodities for rotation are not enough for the purchase of commodities with adequate quantities under the approved plans due to price change, the national reserve commodities-managing ministries or sectors shall purchase commodities with quantities corresponding to money amounts earned.
4. In case of purchase of national reserve commodities of seasonal nature, for rotation purpose, if new commodities must be purchased before the old commodities are sold, the Minister of Finance shall consider and decide on the advance of state budget funds for such purchase; the national reserve commodities-managing ministries or sectors shall reimburse the advanced money amounts within the plan year.
Article 38.
Internal transfer of national reserve commodities
1. Heads of the national reserve commodities-managing ministries or sectors shall decide on the internal transfer of national reserve commodities in the following cases:
a/ According to plan to ensure safety and suitability to the conditions of national reserve commodity warehouses and preservation;
b/ The national reserve commodities are available in regions struck by national disasters or fires or in unsafe areas;
c/ National reserve commodities are transferred to necessary places for performing tasks that may arise;
d/ It is necessary for inventory, handover, inspection or investigation activities.
2. Heads of the national reserve commodities-managing ministries or sectors shall notify the Minister of Finance of the internal transfer of national reserve commodities within three working days after deciding on the transfer.
Article 39.
Warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities in other cases:
1. Heads of the national reserve commodities-managing ministries or sectors shall decide on the warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities in other cases, including:
a/ Delivery of national reserve commodities for liquidation and destruction;
b/ Warehousing of national reserve commodities for excessive commodity quantities upon actual inventory compared to those stated in the accounting books.
2. The Government shall detail this Article.
Section 2
PURCHASE AND SALE OF NATIONAL RESERVE COMMODITIES
Article 40.
Methods of purchasing national reserve commodities
National reserve commodities may be purchased by the following methods:
1. Purchase in accordance with the bidding law;
2. Public purchase directly from all subjects.
Article 41.
Purchase of national reserve commodities in accordance with the bidding law
1. The purchase of national reserve commodities in accordance with the bidding law is carried out in the following forms:
a/ Public bidding;
b/ Direct procurement;
c/ Competitive offer;
d/ Designation of contractors.
2. The designation of contractors complies with the bidding law and applies to the following cases:
a/ Confidentiality must be assured in accordance with the law on protection of state secrets, for bidding packages to purchase national reserve commodities for defense and security tasks.
b/ Neither public bidding nor competitive offer can apply due to the emergency, urgency, seasonal and temporal requirements with regard to bidding packages to purchase national reserve commodities being anti-epidemic drugs, germicide chemicals, plant protection drugs and plant seeds.
Article 42.
Conditions on designation of contractors
1. Cases of designation of contractors specified in Clause 2, Article 41 of this Law must satisfy the following conditions:
a/ It is included in the assigned national-reserve commodity purchase plans;
b/ The plan on designation of contractors is approved;
c/ The budget estimate is approved according to regulations;
d/ The period of contract performance does not exceed 12 months.
2. The designation of contractors must be carried out within 30 days at the latest after the requirement dossiers are approved; for complicated large-scale bidding packages, such time limit is 60 days.
3. The competence for, and process of, contractor designation comply with the bidding law.
Article 43.
Public direct purchase from all subjects
1. The public direct purchase from all subjects applies to cases of purchase of national reserve paddy.
2. The public direct purchase from all subjects is carried out as follows:
a/ The unit tasked to purchase national reserve commodities draws up a plan for public direct purchase from all subjects and submit it to the head of the specialized national-reserve management agency for approval;
b/ Determining the quantity, quality and types of paddy to be purchased, purchase locations, purchase time and purchase prices;
c/ Based on the approved plan, the unit tasked to purchase national reserve commodities publishes the purchase plan on a newspaper for three consecutive issues or notify on television for three consecutive times in three days and posts it up at the paddy-purchasing locations; and organizes the purchase strictly according to the plan and at the quoted price.
Article 44.
Methods of selling national reserve commodities
National reserve commodities may be sold by the following methods:
1. Auction;
2. Designated sale;
3. Public direct sale to all subjects.
Article 45.
Auction of national reserve commodities
1. The auction of national reserve commodities complies with the law on auction.
2. In case of unsuccessful auction, units tasked to sell national reserve commodities shall report thereon to the heads of the national reserve commodities-managing ministries or sectors for decision on public direct sale to all subjects.
Article 46.
Designated sale or public direct sale to all subjects
1. National reserve commodities to serve defense and security can be put on designated sale only for defense and security purposes.
2. National reserve commodities put on public direct sale to all subjects include:
a/ Paddy, vaccines, germicide chemicals, plant protection drugs, plant seeds and white salt;
b/ National reserve commodities other than those specified in Clause 1 and at Point a of this Clause, which must be auctioned but cannot be sold after two unsuccessful auctions. The price for public direct sale to all subjects must not be lower than the reserve price of the auctions.
3. The designated sale and public direct sale to all subjects are carried out in the following process:
a/ The unit tasked to sell national reserve commodities draws up a plan for designated sale or public direct sale to all subjects and submits it to the head of the national reserve commodities-managing ministry or sector for approval;
b/ Determining the name, quantity and quality of to be-sold national reserve commodities; sale locations, sale time and sale price;
c/ Based on the approved plan, the unit tasked to sell national reserve commodities publishes the sale plan on a newspaper for three consecutive issues or on television for three consecutive times in three days and posts it up at the sale locations; organize the sale strictly according to the plan and at the quoted price.
For national reserve commodities specified in Clause 1 of this Article, notification in the mass media is not required; the sale price must be the price approved by the Minister of National Defense or the Minister of Public Security.
Article 47
. Liquidation of national reserve commodities
1. National reserve commodities which fail to meet the criteria for serving the national reserve objectives must be liquidated in accordance with law. Heads of the national reserve commodities-managing ministries or sectors shall decide on the liquidation of national reserve commodities.
2. Money earned from the liquidation of national reserve commodities must be remitted into the state budget after paying reasonable expenses.
3. Unusable national reserve commodities must be destroyed. The Prime Minister shall decide on the destruction of national reserve commodities.
Article 48.
Competence to decide on methods of purchasing and selling national reserve commodities
Heads of the national reserve commodities-managing ministries or sectors shall base themselves on the provisions of this Law to decide on the methods of purchasing and selling national reserve commodities and take responsibility for their decisions.
Section 3
PURCHASE PRICES, SALE PRICES, WAREHOUSING EXPENSES, DELIVERY EXPENSES AND PRESERVATION EXPENSES OF NATIONAL RESERVE COMMODITIES
Article 49.
Purchase prices and sale prices of national reserve commodities
1. The purchase prices of national reserve commodities through bidding and the sale prices of national reserve commodities though auction comply with the law on bidding or auction and the law on pricing.
2. The purchase and sale prices of national reserve commodities through public direct purchase or sale to all subjects are prescribed as follows:
a/ The Minister of Finance shall decide on the maximum purchase prices and the minimum sale prices for national reserve commodities at the proposal of the heads of the national reserve commodities-managing ministries or sectors;
b/ Heads of the national reserve commodities-managing ministries or sectors, excluding the Minister of National Defense and the Minister of Public Security, shall decide on specific prices, based on the market prices at the time and places of purchasing or selling the national reserve commodities under their management, which, however, must not be higher than the maximum purchase prices and lower than the minimum sale prices decided by the Minister of Finance;
c/ When purchasing or selling national reserve commodities, if the fluctuating market prices are higher than the maximum purchase prices or lower than the minimum sale prices, the Minister of Finance shall examine and adjust the maximum purchase prices and the minimum sale prices at the proposal of the heads of the national reserve commodities-managing ministries or sectors.
3. The Minister of National Defense and the Minister of Public Security shall decide on the purchase prices and sale prices of defense- or security-related national reserve commodities after reaching agreement with the Minister of Finance on the pricing principles.
Article 50.
Expense levels for warehousing, delivery and preservation of national reserve commodities
1. The prescription of expenses for warehousing, delivery and preservation of national reserve commodities must be based on the techno-economic norms for national reserve commodities and the national technical standards of national reserve commodities.
2. The Minister of Finance shall prescribe expense levels for warehousing and delivery at the doors of national-reserve warehouses and the maximum delivery expenses outside the warehouses’ doors and preservation expenses at the proposal of the national reserve commodities-managing ministries or sectors.
Section 4
PRESERVATION OF NATIONAL RESERVE COMMODITIES
Article 51.
Principles of preservation of national reserve commodities
1. National reserve commodities must be kept separately, at prescribed locations and preserved under the national technical standards and econo-technical norms of national reserve commodities and the contracts for hired preservation of national reserve commodities, ensuring their quantity, quality and safety.
2. If loss is caused during the preservation of national reserve commodities beyond the law-prescribed level for subjective reasons, the preserving units and persons shall compensate for such lost quantity; if the loss is below the prescribed level, organizations and persons will be rewarded according to the Government’s regulations.
3. National reserve commodities which are damaged or degenerated in quality during preservation must be rehabilitated or delivered for timely sale to limit the damage. If national reserve commodities are damaged or degenerated in quality for objective reasons, the preserving units or persons are not required to compensate; if it is due to subjective causes, they shall compensate and be handled in accordance with law.
Article 52.
Responsibility for preservation of national reserve commodities
1. The national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors shall observe the national technical standards and techno-economic norms of national reserve commodities and the law on protection of state secrets.
2. Heads of the national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors shall direct and inspect the preservation of national reserve commodities; promptly stop and handle acts of violation of the law on preservation of national reserve commodities.
3. Heads of units directly managing national reserve commodities and persons directly managing and preserving national reserve commodities are responsible for the quantity and quality of the assigned national reserve commodities.
4. For national reserve commodities with special technical, storage and preservation requirements, the national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors shall select organizations or enterprises satisfying the conditions specified in Article 53 of this Law to sign contracts for hired preservation thereof.
5. The specialized national reserve agency shall inspect and check the preservation of national reserve commodities by the national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors as well as national reserve commodities-preserving organizations and enterprises.
Article 53.
Conditions for being hired to preserve national reserve commodities
Organizations or enterprises selected by the national reserve commodities-managing ministries or sectors for hired preservation of national reserve commodities must satisfy the following conditions:
1. Having the legal entity status;
2. Producing and trading in commodities relevant to the commodities put up for hired preservation;
3. Warehouses and equipment for warehousing, delivery and preservation must satisfy the technical requirements of national reserve commodities;
4. Technical staff possess appropriate managerial and professional experience to meet the requirements of national reserve commodity preservation.
5. Having full financial capability for the performance of national reserve commodity preservation contracts.
Article 54.
Application of national technical standards and techno-economic norms of national reserve commodities
1. Agencies managing and organizations and enterprises preserving national reserve commodities shall apply the national technical standards of national reserve commodities. The Ministry of Finance shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with related ministries and sectors in, inspecting the application; review, revise and promptly add national technical standards of national reserve commodities suitable to national reserve commodities in accordance with the law on technical standards and regulations.
2. The national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors and the specialized national reserve agency shall base themselves on the techno-economic norms of national reserve commodities to formulate plans and budget estimates for hired preservation of national reserve commodities. The Ministry of Finance shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors in, studying, reviewing, revising and adding the techno-economic norms of national reserve commodities to suit reality and meet management requirements.
Section 5
USE OF NATIONAL RESERVE COMMODITIES
Article 55.
Principles of use of national reserve commodities
1. National reserve commodities must be used for proper purposes and subjects and in accordance with the financial, state asset management and statistical regimes prescribed by law.
2. Agencies and organizations using national reserve commodities are subject to supervision, examination and inspection by competent agencies; report on the results of using national reserve commodities to the specialized national reserve agency.
3. Heads of the national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors, and chairpersons of provincial-level People’s Committees shall propose the supply and use of national reserve commodities.
Article 56.
Responsibility for delivery for free supply, and receipt of national reserve commodities
1. Agencies, organizations and units tasked to deliver for free supply national reserve commodities shall strictly implement the procedures for delivery, transportation and handover of commodities at prescribed locations in a timely and safe manner with correct quantity, quality and types.
2. Ministries, sectors and provincial-level People’s Committees which are tasked to receive national reserve commodities shall promptly receive and distribute them strictly according to prescribed regimes and policies and to proper subjects; strictly comply with the financial, state asset management and statistical regimes and are subject to supervision and examination by competent agencies.
Article 57.
Management and use of national reserve commodities
After receiving national reserve commodities, ministries, sectors, provincial-level People’s Committees, agencies and organizations shall:
1. Manage and use national reserve commodities for proper purposes and subjects and according to the norms prescribed by law, ensuring neither loss nor waste;
2. Compile dossiers for monitoring, accounting and reporting on the management and use of supplied national reserve commodities in accordance with the laws on accounting and statistics. Particularly for national reserve commodities which can be used for many times, books must be opened for detailed monitoring as prescribed by law.
Chapter V
NATIONAL-RESERVE WAREHOUSES, SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH AND APPLICATION OF PRESERVATION TECHNOLOGY TO NATIONAL RESERVE COMMODITIES
Article 58.
Master plan on the system of national reserve warehouses
1. Principles of planning the system of national reserve warehouses:
a/ Conformity with socio-economic, defense, security and regional development strategies;
b/ Conformity with the national reserve strategies and land use master plan;
c/ Synchronism and suitability to places of commodity sources, population density and safety.
2. Contents of the master plan on the system of national reserve warehouses must meet the following requirements:
a/ Conformity with the national reserve objectives and requirements;
b/ Connectivity of the system of national reserve warehouses according to territorial lines and regions;
c/ Development toward modernization;
d/ Suitability to investment capital capacity;
e/ Clear identification of implementation solutions and roadmaps.
3. The Ministry of Finance shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the Ministry of Planning and Investment as well as the national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors in, formulating the master plan on the system of national-reserve warehouses for submission to the Prime Minister for approval.
Article 59.
Detailed planning of the network of national reserve warehouses
1. Principles of detailed planning of the network of national reserve warehouses:
a/ Being based on the master plan on the system of national reserve warehouses and local land use master plans;
b/ Convenience for commodity protection, fire and explosion prevention and fighting, transport, communications, warehousing and delivery; assurance of no flooding; synchronism, large scale, advanced preservation technology and mechanization in the warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities .
2. Contents of a detailed plan on the network of national reserve warehouses must satisfy the following requirements:
a/ Ensuring connectivity between major economic centers and different regions nationwide, convenience in the warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities;
b/ Ensuring high use efficiency;
c/ Ensuring development toward modernization of preservation technology and warehousing and delivery processes;
d/ Being suitable to investment capital capacity;
e/ Clearly identifying implementation solutions and roadmaps.
3. Heads of the national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors shall formulate and approve detailed plans on the network of national reserve warehouses under their respective management after reaching agreement with the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Planning and Investment.
Article 60.
Planning of land funds used for construction of national reserve warehouses
1. The national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors shall base themselves on the detailed plans on the network of national reserve warehouses to draw up plans on the use of land for the construction of national reserve warehouses in conformity with local land use master plans.
2. State agencies competent in the formulation of land use master plans and plans, land allocation and land lease shall arrange land funds for the construction of national reserve warehouses according to planning and perform the state management of land used for the construction of national reserve warehouses.
Article 61.
Requirements on national reserve warehouses
1. National reserve warehouses must be built according to the approved master plan; step by step meet the requirements of modernization with advanced preservation technology, adequate technical equipment and facilities necessary for mechanization and automation of the warehousing and delivery of national reserve commodities.
2. National reserve warehouse premises must be strictly protected, safe and secret as prescribed by law; be furnished with adequate technical equipment necessary for the observation, supervision, prevention and fighting of natural disasters, fires, damage, loss and other factors which may cause damage to national reserve commodities.
3. Based on the approved master plan on national reserve warehouses, the national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors shall mobilize organizations, enterprises and individuals to invest in the construction of national reserve warehouses according to the warehouse standards specified in Article 62 of this Law for rent by national reserve units or for the performance of contracts for hired preservation of national reserve commodities.
Article 62.
National-reserve warehouse standards
1. The national-reserve warehouse standards must conform to the preservation technology requirements and the specific characteristics of each type of national reserve commodities.
2. The Minister of Finance shall decide on the national-reserve warehouse standards after reaching agreement with the Minister of Planning and Investment and heads of the national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors. For national reserve warehouses in the field of defense and security, the Minister of National Defense or the Minister of Public Security shall decide on their standards after reaching agreement with the Minister of Finance and the Minister of Planning and Investment.
Article 63.
Modernization of national reserve activities
Investment must be made in research into and application of preservation sciences, techniques and technologies and in the development of information technology and other facilities to ensure the modernization of national reserve activities.
Article 64.
Scientific research into and application of national-reserve commodity preservation technologies
1. Scientific research into and application of national-reserve commodity preservation technologies must satisfy the following requirements:
a/ Prolonging the storage and preservation duration, ensuring quality and reducing the loss of national reserve commodities; restricting environmental pollution;
b/ Being suitable to reality; selectively accepting and transferring advanced preservation technologies of foreign countries.
2. Contents of scientific research into and application of national-reserve commodity preservation technologies include:
a/ Research into new preservation technologies for replacement of obsolete and polluting national reserve commodity preservation technologies and substitution for imported technologies;
b/ Expansion of international cooperation in the transfer and application of advanced national-reserve commodity preservation technologies;
c/ Training and retraining of highly qualified human resources.
3. The Ministry of Finance shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the national reserve commodities-managing ministries and sectors in, formulating plans for research and application of sciences and technologies to national-reserve commodity preservation.
Chapter VI
IMPLEMENTATION PROVISIONS
Article 65.
Effect
This Law takes effect on July 1, 2013.
Article 66.
Implementation detailing and guidance
The Government and competent agencies shall detail and guide the implementation of articles and clauses as assigned in the Law.
This Law was passed on November 20, 2012, by the XIII
th
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam at its 4
th
session.-
Chairman of the National Assembly
NGUYEN SINH HUNG
This feature is available to
English
or
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Processing, please wait...
You are not logged in.
This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to access detailed information on Related documents.
If you do not have an account, please
register here!
Processing, please wait...
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
VIETNAMESE DOCUMENTS
Law on the National Reserve, Law No. 22/2012/QH13 PDF (Original)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Law on the National Reserve, Law No. 22/2012/QH13 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
ENGLISH DOCUMENTS
Official Gazette
Law on the National Reserve, Law No. 22/2012/QH13 (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Law on the National Reserve, Law No. 22/2012/QH13 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
* Note:
To view documents downloaded from LuatVietnam.vn, please install DOC, DOCX and PDF file readers
For further support, please call
19006192
Log in
Register
Remember
Forgot password
Log in
Or log in via
* Required information
Username
Email
*
Password
*
Confirm Password
*
I agree to the
Terms & Conditions
and
Personal Data Protection Policy
of LuatVietnam
Register
Forgot password
Enter your account name to recover your password.
Send
Select folder
+ Add folder
Save
Back
Add folder
Bilingual Text
Nội dung tham chiếu