Source: http://english.luatvietnam.vn/law-no-68-2020-qh14-dated-november-13-2020-of-the-national-assembly-on-residence-195560-doc1.html
Title: vn_residence_law_68_2020_luatvietnam
Downloaded: Batch 7

Residence Law 2020, No. 68/2020/QH14
Home
Legal Normative Documents
New documents
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
News
Services
Available translation
On-demand translation
Vietnamese
Home
Legal Normative Documents
Administration; Justice
Search
Advanced Search
Advanced search for legal documents
Filter by
Reset
Types of documents
Law
Ordinance
Decree
Decision
Circular
Joint Circular
Resolution
Directive
Official Dispatch
Regulation
Instruction
Notice
Order
Official Telegram
Plan
Report
Code
Consolidated Text
Convention
Agreement
Treaty
Protocol
Agreement
Treaty
Issuing bodies
Committee for Physical Trainning and Sports
Committee for Population, Family and Children
Council of Ministers
Department of Hanoi public health care
General Department of Customs
General Department of Forestry
General Department of Land Administration
General Department of Post and Telecommunications
General Department of Statistics
General Department of Taxation
General Department of Tourism
Government
Government Commission for Organizational Personnel
Government Committee for Prices
Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
Ministry of Aquatic Products
Ministry of Construction
Ministry of Culture - Information
Ministry of Culture and Information
Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism
Ministry of Education and Training
Ministry of Finance
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Health
Ministry of Home Affairs
Ministry of Industry
Ministry of Industry and Trade
Ministry of Information and Communications
Ministry of Justice
Ministry of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs
Ministry of National Defence
Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment
Ministry of Planning and Investment
Ministry of Post and Telecommunications
Ministry of Public Security
Ministry of Science and Technology
Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment
Ministry of Trade
Ministry of Transport
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
National Assembly Standing Committee
National Committee for International Economic Co-operation
National Committee for Population and Family Planning
Office of the Government
Office of the National Assembly
People' Committee of Ho Chi Minh City
People's Committee of Hanoi
People's Supereme Court
People's Supereme Procuracy
Political Bureau
Prime Minister
Socialist Republic of Vietnam
State Bank
State Bank of Vietnam
State Committee for Co-operation and Investment (SCCI)
State Committee for Ethnic Minorities and Mountainous Areas
State Committee for Planning
State Council
State Securities Commission
The Ethnic Minority Committee
The Judges's Council of the Supreme People's Court
The President
Vietnam Labor General Confederation
Vietnam Social Security
Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee
All fields
Culture - Sports - Tourism
Information - Communications
Agriculture - Forestry
Natural Resources - Environment
Justice
Criminal
Civil law
Marriage and family
Electricity
Bidding - Competition
Appeal - Accuse
Press - Television
Insurance
Emulation - Commendation - Discipline
Administrative border
Commerce - Advertising
Food and drug
Saving - Anti-corruption
National Security
Cadres - Civil Servants
Residence - Population
Immigration
Accounting - Audit
Securities
Navigation
Aquatic products
National defence
Intellectual property
Transport
Administration
Administrative violation
Policy
Enterprise
Organizational structure
Others
Customs
Construction
Science - Technology
Industry
Foreign affairs
Health
Public order
Labor - Salary
Export - Import
Education - Training - Vocational training
Tax - Fee - Charge
Land - Housing
Finance - Banking
Investment
Effect status
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Signers
Abdellatif Ouahbi
Abdelwaheb Abdallah
Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdullah Ali Abdullah Al Yahaya
Abdullah bin Sultan bin Awad Al Nuaimi
Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan
Adisai Bodharamik
Alastair Goodlad
Amaret Sila_on
Amnuay Viravan
Andre Ouellet
Andrew S.Natsisos
Ang Vong Vathana
Anna Lindstedt
Arifin M. Siregar
Au Anh Tuan
B.G (NS) George Yong-Boon Yeo
Bac-ba-ra Su-ma-nop-xka
Bach Thi Minh Huyen
Banh Tien Long
Battsetseg Batmunkh
Be-a-ta Xo-ten-mac
Berkesi Laszlos
Bernard K.Mambe
Bhuvesh Chaturvedi
Brain Cowen
Bui Anh Tuan
Bui Ba Bong
Bui Cach Tuyen
Bui Hong Linh
Bui Hong Minh
Bui Huu Toan
Bui Manh Cuong
Bui Manh Hai
Bui Nguyen Long
Bui Pham Khanh
Bui Quang Vinh
Bui Thanh Son
Bui The Duy
Bui Thi Quynh Van
Bui Thien Ngo
Bui Van Cuong
Bui Van Ga
Bui Van Khang
Bui Van Nam
Bui Van Suong
Bui Xuan Cuong
Bui Xuan Dung
Bui Xuan Khu
Bui Xuan Minh
Bui Xuan Son
Cao Anh Tuan
Cao Duc Phat
Cao Lai Quang
Cao Minh Quang
Cao Quoc Hung
Cao Si Kiem
Cao Viet Sinh
Caryn R. McClelland
Cear V.Purisma
Cecilia Piccioni
Cham Nimul
Cham Pradidh
Cham Prasidh
Chan Sek Keong
Charlotte Laursen
Chau Hue Cam
Chou Vichith
Chu Hao
Chu Ngoc Anh
Chu Pham Ngoc Hien
Chu Tuan Cap
Chu Tuan Nha
Chu Van Nguyen
Chu Van Thinh
Chu Xuan Dung
Commodore(Ns) Teo Chee Hean
Cristian Barros
Cu Ngoc Oanh
Dam Huu Dac
Dam Thi Hoa
Dang cap nhat
Dang Dinh Lam
Dang Dinh Luu
Dang Hanh Thu
Dang Hoang An
Dang Hong Nam
Dang Hung Vo
Dang Huu
Dang Huy Dong
Dang Huynh Mai
Dang Nghiem Chinh
Dang Ngoc Minh
Dang Ngoc Tung
Dang Nhu Loi
Dang Quang Phuong
Dang Quoc Tien
Dang Son Tung
Dang Thanh Binh
Dang Thi Bich Lien
Dang Thi Binh An
Dang Van Tao
Dang Van Tin
Dang Vu Chu
Daniel Tomlinson
Dao Dinh Binh
Dao Hong Lan
Dao Minh Tu
Dao Ngoc Dung
Dao Xuan Hoc
Da-So-Gan-Bon-Do
Dato’ Seri Paduka Haji Kifrawi
DATO’ SRI ONG TEE KEAT
Dick Kling
Diep Kinh Tan
Diep Kinh Tan
Dinh Anh Tuan
Dinh Huu Phi
Dinh La Thang
Dinh Ngoc Thang
Dinh Quang Ngu
Dinh Tien Dung
Dinh Trung Tung
Dinh Van Nha
Dinh Viet Son
Dlamini Zuma
Do Duc Duy
Do Duc Tien
Do Hai Dung
Do Hoang Anh Tuan
Do Huu Hao
Do Ngoc Huynh
Do Nguyen Phuong
Do Nhu Dinh
Do Quang Trung
Do Que Luong
Do Qui Doan
Do Quoc Sam
Do Quy Doan
Do Quy Doan
Do Thang Hai
Do Thanh Binh
Do Thi Xuan Phuong
Do Trung Ta
Do Van Dong
Do Van Sinh
Do Xuan Tuyen
Doan Hoang Minh
Doan Hong Phong
Doan Manh Giao
Doan Mau Diep
Doan Thai Son
Doan Van Viet
Doan Xuan Hung
Doan Xuan Toan
Duong Anh Duc
Duong Duc Tuan
Duong Gia Trien
Duong Quoc Anh
Duong Thu Huong
Duong Tri Dung
Ephraim Ben Matityau
Erik Derycke
Evgeny Shestakov
George Vella
Gia Tan Dinh
Giang Seo Phu
H. A.F.M.O van Mierlo
Ha Cong Tuan
Ha Hung
Ha Hung Cuong
Haike Manning
Hans Winkler
Hirofumi Nakasone
Ho Anh Tuan
Ho Dieu Bang
Ho Duc Phoc
Ho Huan Nghiem
Ho Nghia Dung
Ho Quoc Dung
Ho Te
Ho Thi Kim Thoa
Ho Xuan Hung
Hoang Cong Dung
Hoang Manh Hien
Hoang Minh Duc
Hoang Minh Hao
Hoang Minh Son
Hoang Minh Tuan Anh
Hoang Nghia Mai
Hoang Quoc Vuong
Hoang Quy
Hoang Sy Thanh
Hoang The Lien
Hoang Thi Ha Giang
Hoang Thi Tuyet Hoa
Hoang Trung
Hoang Trung Hai
Hoang Tuan Anh
Hoang Van Huay
Hoang Van Nghien
Hoang Van Phong
Hoang Van Thang
Hoang Viet Cuong
Hoang Vu Thanh
Hon. Robert Debus
HOR Namhong
Hu Cha-Chi
Hua Duc Nhi
Huynh Huu Phuc
Huynh Ngoc Thanh
Huynh Phong Tranh
Huynh Quang Hai
Huynh Thi Nhan
Huynh Vinh Ai
Jack Straw
Jan Vapaavuori
Joaquim Verissimo
John C Tsang
John Sydney Dawkins
Joseisidro N.Camacho
JUSMAN SYAFII DJAMAL
Kham Ouane Boupha
Khong co
Khuat Van Nga
KRASIMIR TSIPOV
Kwon Jong-rak
La Ngoc Khue
Lai Quang Thuc
Lam Thi Phuong Thanh
LASZLO TROCSANYI
Le Anh Tuan
Le Bach Hong
Le Chiem
Le Cong Phung
Le Cong Thanh
Le Danh Vinh
Le Dinh Tho
Le Dinh Tien
Le Doan Hop
Le Duc Anh
Le Duc Luan
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duong Quang
Le Duy Dong
Le Hoa Binh
Le Hoai Trung
Le Hong Anh
Le Hong Hai
Le Hong Nam
Le Hong Nga
Le Hong Son
Le Hung Son
Le Huy Con
Le Huy Ngo
Le Huy Vinh
Le Manh Hung
Le Minh Hoan
Le Minh Hung
Le Minh Huong
Le Minh Khai
Le Minh Ngan
Le Minh Tri
Le Nam Thang
Le Ngoc Hoan
Le Ngoc Trong
Le Quan
Le Quang Cuong
Le Quang Hung
Le Quang Tung
Le Quoc Doanh
Le Quoc Dung
Le Quoc Hung
Le Quoc Khanh
Le Quy Vuong
Le Quy Vuong
Le Tan Can
Le Tan Dung
Le Thanh Do
Le Thanh Liem
Le Thanh Long
Le Thanh Nghi
Le The Tiem
Le Thi Bang Tam
Le Thi Bich Thuan
Le Thi Thu Hang
Le Trung Chinh
Le Van Bang
Le Van Chau
Le Van Khoa
Le Van Tan
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Toan
Le Van Triet
Le Van Truyen
Le Van Tuyen
Le Van Uyen
Le Viet Dung
Le Vinh Tan
Le Vu Hung
Le Xuan Dinh
Le Xuan Trinh
LEANDRO R. MENDOZA
Lee Hsien Long
Lim Hng Kiang
Lim Jock Seng
Lo Thi Nhu
Luong Cuong
Luong Le Phuong
Luong Quoc Dung
Luong Tam Quang
Luong Thi Toi
Luong Van Tu
Luu Chan Dan
Luu Duc Huy
Luu Duc Sau
Luu Duc Tuyen
Luu Manh Tuong
Luu Tran Tieu
Macabangkit Lanto
Mai Ai Truc
Mai Liem Truc
Mai Luong Khoi
Mai Son
Mai Thi Thu Van
Mai Tien Dung
Mai Van Chinh
Mai Van Dau
Mai Xuan Thanh
MAJOR GENERAL THEIN SWE
Manuel M. Dayrit
Marcy Claudio Lopes
Mari Elka Pangestu
Maria Esther Reus Gonzalez
Martin Malvy
Maxim Alexandrovich Travnikov
MICHAEL KEENAN
Michael O. Leavitt
Miguel Angel Moratinos Cuyaube
Miguel Marin Bosch
Mike Penning
Mikulas BEK
Mingkwan Songsuwan
Mohammad Maruf
Muhyiddin Bin Mohammad Yassin
N.Ba-ga-Ban-di
NA-DA MA-LA-GOA-RA-CHI
Nam Viyaketh
Ngo Duy Hieu
Ngo Hai Phan
Ngo The Dan
Ngo Thi Kim Yen
Ngo Thi Minh
Ngo Xuan Hue
Ngo Xuan Lich
Ngo Xuan Loc
Nguen Hoang Tuan
Nguyen An Luong
Nguyen Anh Tuan
Nguyen Ba Hoan
Nguyen Bac Hai
Nguyen Bac Son
Nguyen Bich Dat
Nguyen Cam Tu
Nguyen Cao Luc
Nguyen Chi Dung
Nguyen Cong Binh
Nguyen Cong Dan
Nguyen Cong Nghiep
Nguyen Cong Su
Nguyen Cong Tan
Nguyen Cong Thanh
Nguyen Dai Thanh
Nguyen Dai Tri
Nguyen Danh Huy
Nguyen Danh Thai
Nguyen Dinh Bin
Nguyen Dinh Bong
Nguyen Dinh Khang
Nguyen Dinh Lieu
Nguyen Dinh Loc
Nguyen Dinh Toan
Nguyen Dong Tien
Nguyen Duc Chi
Nguyen Duc Chinh
Nguyen Duc Chung
Nguyen Duc Huy
Nguyen Duc Minh
Nguyen Duc Quang
Nguyen Duc Tam
Nguyen Duong Thai
Nguyen Duy Giang
Nguyen Duy Lam
Nguyen Duy Minh
Nguyen Duy Ngoc
Nguyen Duy Nien
Nguyen Duy Thang
Nguyen Dy Nien
Nguyen Hai Phong
Nguyen Hanh Phuc
Nguyen Hoa Binh
Nguyen Hoang Anh
Nguyen Hoang Hiep
Nguyen Hoang Long
Nguyen Hong Dien
Nguyen Hong Nhi
Nguyen Hong Quan
Nguyen Hong Truong
Nguyen Huu Chi
Nguyen Huu Do
Nguyen Huu Hoai
Nguyen Huu Hung
Nguyen Huu Nghiep
Nguyen Huu Tan
Nguyen Huu Tri
Nguyen Huu Vu
Nguyen Huy Ban
Nguyen Huy Dung
Nguyen Huy Hieu
Nguyen Huy Hoan
Nguyen Huy Luan
Nguyen Huy Tien
Nguyen Huy Tuong
Nguyen Khac Dinh
Nguyen Khanh
Nguyen Khanh Ngoc
Nguyen Khanh Toan
Nguyen Khoa Diem
Nguyen Kim Anh
Nguyen Kim Ly
Nguyen Kim Son
Nguyen Ky Cam
Nguyen Linh Ngoc
Nguyen Loc An
Nguyen Luong Trao
Nguyen Mai
Nguyen Manh Cam
Nguyen Manh Dong
Nguyen Manh Ha
Nguyen Manh Hien
Nguyen Manh Hung
Nguyen Manh Khuong
Nguyen Manh Kiem
Nguyen Minh Hien
Nguyen Minh Hong
Nguyen Minh Quang
Nguyen Minh Thao
Nguyen Minh Thong
Nguyen Minh Triet
Nguyen Minh Tuan
Nguyen Minh Vu
Nguyen Nam Binh
Nguyen Nam Hai
Nguyen Ngoc Bao
Nguyen Ngoc Canh
Nguyen Ngoc Dong
Nguyen Ngoc Hien
Nguyen Ngoc Hong
Nguyen Ngoc Lan
Nguyen Ngoc Phi
Nguyen Ngoc Thien
Nguyen Ngoc Tuan
Nguyen Ngoc Tuc
Nguyen Ngoc Vinh
Nguyen Nhac
Nguyen Nhat
Nguyen Nhat Kha
Nguyen Phu Binh
Nguyen Phu Trong
Nguyen Phuoc Thanh
Nguyen Phuong Nga
Nguyen Quan
Nguyen Quang Dung
Nguyen Quang Ha
Nguyen Quang Huy
Nguyen Que Huong
Nguyen Quoc Dung
Nguyen Quoc Huy
Nguyen Quoc Thanh
Nguyen Quoc Tri
Nguyen Quoc Trieu
Nguyen Sinh Hung
Nguyen Sinh Nhat Tan
Nguyen Son
Nguyen Sy Hiep
Nguyen Tam Chien
Nguyen Tan Dung
Nguyen Tan Trinh
Nguyen Tan Van
Nguyen Thac Giap
Nguyen Thai Binh
Nguyen Thai Duong
Nguyen Thai Lai
Nguyen Thanh
Nguyen Thanh Bien
Nguyen Thanh Cung
Nguyen Thanh Hoa
Nguyen Thanh Hung
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Long
Nguyen Thanh Nghi
Nguyen Thanh Phong
Nguyen Thanh Son
Nguyen Thanh Tinh
Nguyen The Manh
Nguyen The Phuong
Nguyen Thi Bich Ngoc
Nguyen Thi Cuc
Nguyen Thi Ha
Nguyen Thi Hang
Nguyen Thi Hanh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Anh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Lan
Nguyen Thi Hong
Nguyen Thi Hong Minh
Nguyen Thi Huong Lan
Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan
Nguyen Thi Kim Phung
Nguyen Thi Kim Tien
Nguyen Thi Le
Nguyen Thi Le Thanh
Nguyen Thi Lien Huong
Nguyen Thi Minh
Nguyen Thi Minh Nguyet
Nguyen Thi Nghia
Nguyen Thi Phuong Hoa
Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong
Nguyen Thi Thu
Nguyen Thi Thu Phuong
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Xuan Thu
Nguyen Thi Xuyen
Nguyen Thien Luan
Nguyen Thien Nhan
Nguyen Thuy Hien
Nguyen Tien Dinh
Nguyen Tien Dung
Nguyen Tien Hong
Nguyen Tien Sam
Nguyen Tien Trung
Nguyen Tien Truong
Nguyen Toan Thang
Nguyen Tran Nam
Nguyen Tri Thuc
Nguyen Tri Tue
Nguyen Trong Dam
Nguyen Trong Dieu
Nguyen Trong Du
Nguyen Trung Khanh
Nguyen Trung Kien
Nguyen Truong Son
Nguyen Tuong Van
Nguyen Van An
Nguyen Van Binh
Nguyen Van Cam
Nguyen Van Can
Nguyen Van Chi
Nguyen Van Cong
Nguyen Van Dang
Nguyen Van Duc
Nguyen Van Duoc
Nguyen Van Giau
Nguyen Van Hien
Nguyen Van Hieu
Nguyen Van Hoi
Nguyen Van Hong
Nguyen Van Hung
Nguyen Van Huong
Nguyen Van Khai
Nguyen Van Lien
Nguyen Van Long
Nguyen Van Nen
Nguyen Van Nganh
Nguyen Van Ngu
Nguyen Van Phuc
Nguyen Van Phung
Nguyen Van Rinh
Nguyen Van San
Nguyen Van Sanh
Nguyen Van Sinh
Nguyen Van Suu
Nguyen Van Thang
Nguyen Van Thanh
Nguyen Van The
Nguyen Van Tho
Nguyen Van Thuong
Nguyen Van Tien
Nguyen Van Trung
Nguyen Van Tung
Nguyen Van Vinh Chau
Nguyen Van Vong
Nguyen Vi Ninh
Nguyen Viet Hung
Nguyen Viet Thang
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Vinh Hien
Nguyen Xuan Chuan
Nguyen Xuan Cuong
Nguyen Xuan Duong
Nguyen Xuan Phuc
Nguyen Xuan Quang
Nguyen Xuan Sang
Nguyen Xuan Thanh
Nguyen Xuan Thao
Nguyen Xuan Thuy
Nicola Louise Roxon
Nong Duc Manh
Nong Phi Quang
Obaid Humaid Al Tayer
Oldemiro Julio Marques Baloi
Olga Algajerova
OsMan Giines
Pan Sorasak
Patrizia Toia
Paula Lehtomaki
Pedro Mejia Gomez
PEHIN DATO ABU BAKAR APONG
Peter B.Favila
Peter D. Garrucho
Peter Ricketts
Peter Szijjarto
Pham Binh Minh
Pham Cong Tac
Pham Duc Long
Pham Duy Anh
Pham Duy Khuong
Pham Gia Khiem
Pham Gia Tuc
Pham Hoang Duc
Pham Hong Giang
Pham Hong Ha
Pham Hong Hai
Pham Khoi Nguyen
Pham Le Tuan
Pham Manh Hung
Pham Manh Thang
Pham Minh Chinh
Pham Minh Ha
Pham Minh Huan
Pham Ngac
Pham Ngoc Thuong
Pham Quang Dung
Pham Quang Nghi
Pham Quang Ngoc
Pham Quang Tuyen
Pham Quang Vinh
Pham Quoc Anh
Pham Quoc Hung
Pham Quy Ngo
Pham Quy Tieu
Pham Quy Ty
Pham Si Chien
Pham Si Danh
Pham Sy Chung
Pham Sy Danh
Pham Thanh Binh
Pham Thanh Ha
Pham The Minh
Pham Thi Hai Chuyen
Pham Thi Thanh Tra
Pham Tien Dung
Pham Van Dinh
Pham Van Hau
Pham Van Huyen
Pham Van Khanh
Pham Van Phuong
Pham Van Tra
Pham Van Trong
Pham Vu Luan
Pham Xuan Tien
Phan Chi Hieu
Phan Khac Hai
Phan Quang Trung
Phan Tam
Phan Thai Dung
Phan The Rue
Phan Thi My Linh
Phan Thi Thang
Phan Tien Lan
Phan Trung Kien
Phan Van Anh
Phan Van Da
Phan Van Dinh
Phan Van Giang
Phan Van Khai
Phan Van Mai
Phan Van Men
Phan Van Tiem
Phan Van Trong
Phi Dang Minh
Phi Van Tuan
Pho-do-ri-co Gon-xa-let Phran-co
Phung Duc Tien
Phung Khac Ke
Phung Ngoc Hung
Phung Quang Thanh
Phung Xuan Nha
Phuong Huu Oanh
Pierre.S.Pettigrew
Pirapan Salirathavibhaga
Pra-Chuop Chai-Ya-San
Quach Dang Hoa
Rafael Catala Polo
Rafidah Aziz
Rashid Tussupbekov
RAYMOND LIM
Rini M.S. Soewandi
Rizalino S. Navarro
ROBERT PELIKAN
Ryszard Michalski
Saadi Salama
Sergey Lavrov
SOMMAD PHOLSENA
SOPHON ZARAM
Soulivong Daravong
SUSHILKUMAR SHINDE
T. Ariwibowo
Ta Anh Tuan
Ta Ca
Ta Manh Hung
Ta Quang Dong
Ta Quang Khanh
Ta Quang Ngoc
Ta Quoc Trung
Ta Thi Phuong Lan
Tan Sri Abdul Gani Patail
Tang Chi Thuong
Tao Huu Phung
TAUCH CHANKOSAL
Tea Varak
Thai Van Tai
Tharman Shanmugaratnam
Thi Van Tam
Thongbanh Sengaphone
Tibor Navracsics
To Anh Dung
To Lam
To Tu Ha
Tong Anh Hao
Tong Thi Minh
Tong Van Nga
Toshiko Abe
Tran Anh Tuan
Tran Chi Dao
Tran Chi Liem
Tran Chien Thang
Tran Cong Phan
Tran Dai Quang
Tran Dinh Duy
Tran Dinh Hoan
Tran Dinh Khoa
Tran Dinh Lieu
Tran Doan Tho
Tran Duc Lai
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Dung Ha
Tran Duy Dong
Tran Hanh
Tran Hiep Hung
Tran Hong Ha
Tran Lum
Tran Luu Quang
Tran Minh Phuc
Tran Minh Tuan
Tran Ngoc Binh
Tran Ngoc Liem
Tran Ngoc Thien
Tran Quan
Tran Quang Bao
Tran Quang Lam
Tran Quang Quy
Tran Quoc Khanh
Tran Quoc Phuong
Tran Quoc Thang
Tran Quy Kien
Tran Thanh Hai
Tran Thanh Man
Tran Thanh Nam
Tran The Ngoc
Tran Thi Thanh Binh
Tran Thi Thanh Thanh
Tran Thi Trung Chien
Tran Thu
Tran Tien Dung
Tran Tuan Anh
Tran Van Chung
Tran Van Dang
Tran Van Dung
Tran Van Hieu
Tran Van Son
Tran Van Ta
Tran Van Thuan
Tran Van Truyen
Tran Van Tu
Tran Van Tuan
Tran Van Tung
Tran Viet Tan
Tran Viet Thanh
Tran Vinh Tuyen
Tran Xuan Gia
Tran Xuan Ha
Trieu Van Be
Trinh Dinh Dung
Trinh Hong Duong
Trinh Quan Huan
Trinh Thi Thuy
Trinh To Tam
Trinh Xuan Truong
Truong Chi Trung
Truong Chinh
Truong Dinh Tuyen
Truong Hoa Binh
Truong Minh Tuan
Truong Quang Nghia
Truong Quoc Cuong
Truong Tan Sang
Truong Tan Vien
Truong Thanh Hoai
Truong Thi Mai
Truong Van Doan
Truong Vinh Trong
Ts. Hamid Awaludin
TSEND NYAMDORJ
U Khin Maung Win
U Soe Tha
Uong Chu Luu
Van Trong Ly
Vilay LAKHAMPHONG
Vince Henderson
Vitezslav Grepl
Vo Chi Cong
Vo Hong Phuc
Vo Minh Luong
Vo Thai Hoa
Vo Thanh Hung
Vo Tuan Nhan
Vo Van Hoan
Vo Van Hung
Vo Van Kiet
Vo Van Minh
Vo Van Thuong
Vu Bang
Vu Cao Cuong
Vu Chien Thang
Vu Duc Dam
Vu Dung
Vu Hai Quan
Vu Hai San
Vu Hong Khanh
Vu Hong Nam
Vu Hong Thuan
Vu Huy Hoang
Vu Khac Lien
Vu Khoan
Vu Le Quan
Vu Manh Ha
Vu Mong Giao
Vu Ngoc Anh
Vu Thi Lien
Vu Thi Mai
Vu Trong Hong
Vu Tuan Canh
Vu Tuan Cuong
Vu Van Ninh
Vu Van Tam
Vu Van Truong
Vuong Dinh Hue
Vy Trong Toan
Watana Muangsook
Yahya AKKURT
Yeo Cheow Tong
Yoon Young – Kwan
Yoriko Kawaguchi
Yrou Young - Kwan
Yury Nazaranka
Zafar Sh. Ruziev
Zdravko Marie
Zhakyp Assanov
Ziradin Jovanovic
Translation types
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
Summary
Content
Status
Vietnamese
Related documents
Diagram
Download
Bilingual Text
Please
log in
to your
Advanced Package
to view the full text. Do not have an account yet?
Register here
.
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Print
Share:
Text mode:
Light
|
Dark
Font size:
Send link to email
Send
Error message
Residence Law 2020, No. 68/2020/QH14
* Required information
Email
*
Content
*
Send
ATTRIBUTE Residence Law 2020
Law No. 68/2020/QH14 dated November 13, 2020 of the National Assembly on Residence
Issuing body:
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
Effective date:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Official number:
68/2020/QH14
Signer:
Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan
Type:
Law
Expiry date:
Updating
Issuing date:
13/11/2020
Effect status:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Fields:
Administration
,
Justice
SUMMARY
Household registration books shall remain valid until the end of 2022
This content is prescribed by the National Assembly in the Law on Residence No. 68/2020/QH14 dated November 13, 2020.
Accordingly, granted household registration books and temporary residence books shall remain valid for use as residence certification papers and documents in accordance with this Law through December 31, 2022.
The 2020 Law on Residence annuls procedures on renewal of household registration books; re-grant of household registration books, grant of papers on household registration transfer. The Law also amends and supplements the following procedures: Separation of household registration books; Adjustment of changes in household registration books; Papers certifying the previously registered permanent residence, etc. Besides, the time limit for processing the permanent residence for citizens also is shorten to 07 days at most, instead of 15 days as in previous regulations.
Noticeably,
2020 Law on Residence also annuls provisions on conditions for registration of permanent residence in centrally run cities (Article 20). It means, there is no separate provisions on conditions for registration of permanent residence in centrally run cities, the provision on registration of permanent residence in centrally run cities and provinces is the same without distinction and is applied generally and uniformly across the country. At the same time, the new Law also adds a number of cases of permanent registration deletion:
Firstly, they are absent from their places of permanent residence for 12 consecutive months or more without registering their temporary residence in other places or declaring their temporary absence, unless they go abroad not for permanent residence, or are serving their imprisonment sentences, etc.
Secondly, they had registered their permanent residence in places of residence that later have been dismantled or confiscated under decisions of competent state agencies or on vehicles that later have been deregistered in accordance with law, etc.
This Law takes effect on July 01, 2021.
For more details,
click here.
Download files
here.
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
Effect status:
Known
The Effect status of this document is known.This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to view Effect status. Don’t have an account?
Register here
THE NATIONAL
ASSEMBLY
THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Independence - Freedom - Happiness
No. 68/2020/QH14
LAW ON RESIDENCE
[1]
Pursuant to the Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam;
The National Assembly promulgates the Law on Residence.
Chapter I
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Article 1.
Scope of regulation
This Law provides for the exercise of the right to freedom of residence of Vietnamese citizens in the territory of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam; residence registration and management; and rights, obligations and responsibilities of citizens, agencies and organizations regarding residence registration and management.
Article 2.
Interpretation of terms
In this Law, the terms below are construed as follows:
1.
Lawful place of residence
means a domicile where a citizen resides and which is under his/her ownership or use rights, and may be a house, ship, boat or another movable vehicle or another domicile in accordance with law.
2.
Residence
means a citizen’s living at a place in a commune-level administrative unit or a district-level administrative unit where no commune-level administrative unit exists (below collectively referred to as commune-level administrative unit).
3.
Residence database
means a specialized database with a combination of information on residence of citizens which is digitalized, stored and managed with information infrastructure facilities, and connected and shared with the national population database and other databases in accordance with law.
4.
Residence registration offices
means residence management offices directly carrying out the registration of residence for citizens, including public security offices of communes, wards or townships; public security divisions of districts, towns, provincial cities or municipal cities of localities where no commune-level administrative units exist.
5.
Residence registration
means performance of procedures for permanent residence registration, temporary residence registration, temporary absence declaration, stay notification, and residence information declaration and modification.
6.
Stay
means a citizen’s stay at a place other than his/her place of permanent residence or place of temporary residence for a period of under 30 days.
7.
Temporary absence
means a citizen’s absence from his/her place of residence for a given period of time.
8.
Place of permanent residence
means a place where a citizen resides stably and permanently and has registered his/her permanent residence.
9.
Place of temporary residence
means a place where a citizen resides for a given period of time other than his/her place of permanent residence and has registered his/her temporary residence.
10.
Current place of residence
means a place of permanent residence or place of temporary residence where a citizen habitually resides. In case he/she has no place of permanent residence or place of temporary residence, his/her current place of residence is the place where he/she is actually residing.
Article 3.
Principles of residence and residence management
1. Observing the Constitution and law.
2. Ensuring harmony between the lawful rights and interests of citizens and interests of the State, community and society; combining the assurance of the right to freedom of residence and other fundamental rights of citizens and responsibilities of the State with the performance of the tasks of socio-economic construction and development, consolidation of national defense and security and assurance of social order and safety.
3. Residence registration order and procedures must be simple, convenient, timely, accurate, public, transparent and trouble-free; residence management must be strict and effective.
4. Residence information must be updated to the national population database and the residence database in accordance with law. At a time, every citizen may have only one place of permanent residence and possibly one more place of temporary residence.
5. Any violation of the law on residence registration and management must be detected and promptly and strictly handled in accordance with law.
Article 4.
Exercise of the right to freedom of residence of citizens
1. Citizens may exercise their right to freedom of residence in accordance with this Law and other relevant laws.
2. The exercise of the right to freedom of residence of citizens will only be restricted for:
a/ Persons who are banned from leaving their places of residence or held in custody or detained as a measure applied by competent proceeding-conducting bodies or persons; persons sentenced to imprisonment against whom decisions on judgment execution have not yet been issued or against whom decisions on judgment execution have been issued but who are entitled to bail or postponement or suspension of the serving of such sentence; persons sentenced to imprisonment and entitled to suspended sentence and being in the probation period; persons currently serving imprisonment sentences or subject to residence ban, probation or non-custodial reform; or persons entitled to conditional early release and being in the probation period;
b/ Persons who are currently serving the measure of education in communes, wards or townships, or consignment to compulsory educational institutions, compulsory drug rehabilitation centers or reformatories; persons subject to the measure of consignment to compulsory educational institutions, compulsory drug rehabilitation centers or reformatories but entitled to postponement or suspension of the serving of such measure; or persons under management pending completion of procedures for consideration and decision on the application of the measure of consignment to compulsory educational institutions, compulsory drug rehabilitation centers or reformatories;
c/ Persons who are isolated due to danger of epidemic communication to the community;
d/ Places or areas that are isolated for epidemic prevention and control under decisions of competent agencies or persons; localities in state of emergency in accordance with law; or places ineligible for new registration of permanent residence or temporary residence or household splitting in accordance with this Law;
dd/ Other cases as specified by law.
3. The exercise of the right to freedom of residence of citizens may only be restricted in accordance with law. Contents and periods of restriction of the right to freedom of residence must comply with legally effective court judgments or rulings, decisions of other competent state agencies, or relevant regulations.
Article 5.
Assurance of exercise of the right to freedom of residence of citizens and residence management
1. The State shall adopt harmonious policies and measures to ensure the exercise of the right to freedom of residence of citizens.
2. The State shall ensure budget funds, physical facilities and human resources, and invest in development of advanced and modern technologies for residence registration and management.
Article 6.
International cooperation on residence management
The State of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam shall carry out international cooperation in residence management in accordance with Vietnam’s law and international law; and implement treaties concerning residence management to which the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is a contracting party.
Article 7.
Residence-related prohibited acts
1. Obstructing citizens from exercising their right to freedom of residence.
2. Abusing the use of information on places of permanent residence or places of temporary residence as conditions to limit the lawful rights and interests of citizens.
3. Offering, brokering or taking bribes in residence registration and management.
4. Failing to receive or delaying the receipt of dossiers, papers, documents and information for residence registration or taking other harassing acts; failing to comply or improperly complying with the regulation on the time limit for residence registration for citizens when their dossiers are eligible for residence registration; deregistering permanent residence or temporary residence in contravention of law.
5. Collecting, managing or using residence registration fees in contravention of law.
6. Setting out at one’s own will the time limit, procedures, papers, documents or forms in contravention of law or falsifying residence information, books and dossiers.
7. Deliberately granting or refusing to grant residence papers and documents in contravention of law.
8. Taking advantage of the exercise of the right to freedom of residence to infringe upon interests of the State or lawful rights and interests of organizations or individuals.
9. Forging residence papers, documents and data; using forged residence papers, documents and data; providing untruthful information, papers and documents on residence; untruthfully declaring conditions or forging dossiers, papers and documents for permanent residence or temporary residence registration; purchasing, selling, renting, leasing, borrowing, lending, pledging, taking pledge of, or destroying residence papers and documents.
10. Organizing, instigating, inciting, inducing, aiding or forcing other persons to violate the law on residence.
11. Permitting permanent residence or temporary residence registration while clearly knowing that registration applicants do not reside at to-be-registered places.
12. Letting other persons register permanent residence or temporary residence at ones’ places of residence for self-seeking purposes or in spite of the fact that registration applicants do not reside at such places.
13. Accessing, exploiting or destroying information in, obstructing or interrupting operation of, the residence database, or illegally changing, deleting, spreading or providing such information.
Chapter II
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF CITIZENS REGARDING RESIDENCE
Article 8.
Rights of citizens regarding residence
1. To select and decide on their own places of residence and make residence registration in accordance with this Law and other relevant laws.
2. To have their private information and information on their households kept confidential in the residence database, unless they provide such information in accordance with law.
3. To exploit information on their residence from the national population database; to have their residence information certified by residence registration offices nationwide, regardless of their places of residence, when they so request.
4. To have their residence information in the residence database updated or modified by residence registration offices upon any change in such information or when they so request.
5. To be provided with information and documents related to the exercise of their right to freedom of residence when they so request.
6. To have their right to freedom of residence protected by competent state agencies.
7. To file complaints or denunciations about or initiate lawsuits against acts violating the law on residence in accordance with law.
Article 9.
Obligations of citizens regarding residence
1. To make residence registration in accordance with this Law and other relevant laws.
2. To fully, accurately and promptly provide their residence information, papers and documents to competent agencies and persons and take responsibility for such information, papers and documents.
3. To pay residence registration fees in accordance with the law on charges and fees.
Article 10.
Rights and obligations of household heads and members regarding residence
1. Persons who live together at the same lawful places of residence and have family bonds as paternal grandparents, maternal grandparents, parents, spouses, offspring, siblings, and grandchildren may register their permanent residence or temporary residence as households.
2. Persons other than those specified in Clause 1 of this Article who fully meet the conditions for registering their permanent residence or temporary residence at the same lawful places of residence in accordance with this Law may register their permanent residence or temporary residence in the same households.
3. More than one household may register their permanent residence or temporary residence at one lawful place of residence.
4. Heads of households must be persons who have full civil act capacity and are nominated by household members after reaching agreement. For a household that has no person having full civil act capacity, its head is a person nominated by its members after reaching agreement. In case members of a household cannot reach agreement to nominate the household head, the household head shall be decided by the court from among the household members.
For a single-member household, such member is the household head.
5. Household heads have the rights and obligations to comply, and create conditions for and guide household members in complying, with regulations on residence registration and management and other relevant provisions of this Law; and to notify residence registration offices of household members who fall into the cases specified in Clause 1, Article 24 or Clause 1, Article 29 of this Law.
6. Household members have the rights and obligations to reach agreement on nomination of household heads; and to fully comply with regulations on residence registration and management.
Chapter III
PLACES OF RESIDENCE
Article 11.
Places of residence of citizens
1. Places of residence of citizens include their places of permanent residence and places of temporary residence.
2. In case the place of permanent residence or place of temporary residence of a citizen cannot be identified, his/her place of residence is the place where he/she is currently residing as identified under Clause 1, Article 19 of this Law.
Article 12.
Places of residence of minors
1. Place of residence of a minor is the place of residence of his/her parents. If his/her parents have different places of residence, his/her place of residence is the place of residence of his/her father or mother with whom he/she habitually resides. In case such a place of habitual residence cannot be identified, the place of residence of a minor is a place agreed upon by his/her parents. In case his/her parents cannot agree upon the place of his/her residence, such place of residence shall be decided by the court.
2. A minor may have a place of residence other than the place of residence of his/her parent(s) if so agreed by the latter or provided by law.
Article 13.
Places of residence of wards
1. The place of residence of a ward is the place of residence of his/her guardian.
2. A ward may have his/her place of residence other than the place of residence of his/her guardian if so agreed by the latter or provided by law.
Article 14.
Places of residence of spouses
1. Places of residence of spouses are places where they habitually live together.
2. Spouses may have different places of residence if they so agree or in accordance with relevant regulations.
Article 15.
Places of residence of persons studying, serving or working in the armed forces
1. Places of residence of officers, non-commissioned officers, soldiers, professional army men, national defense workers and employees, and cadets of academies of the People’s Army are places where their respective units are stationed, unless they, except cadets, have other places of residence in accordance with this Law.
2. Places of residence of professional officers, professional non-commissioned officers, technical officers, technical non-commissioned officers, and cadets of academies of the People’s Public Security forces, conscripted non-commissioned officers, conscripted soldiers, and public security workers are places where their respective units are stationed, unless they, except cadets, conscripted non-commissioned officers and conscripted soldiers, have other places of residence in accordance with this Law.
3. Conditions, dossiers and procedures for registration of permanent residence or temporary residence in places where units of the persons specified in Clause 1 or 2 of this Article are stationed shall be specified by the Minister of National Defense or Minister of Public Security, respectively.
Article 16.
Places of residence of persons living or engaged in itinerant occupations on board ships, boats or movable vehicles
1. Places of residence of persons living or engaged in itinerant occupations on board ships, boats or movable vehicles (below collectively referred to as vehicles) are the places where those vehicles are registered, unless such persons have other places of residence in accordance with this Law.
For vehicles not subject to registration or registered in places other than where they are frequently parked, places of residence of persons living or engaged in itinerant occupations on board such vehicles are the places where such vehicles are frequently parked.
2. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 17.
Places of residence of persons engaged in belief or religious activities, children, persons with disabilities, and supportless persons in belief or religious establishments
1. Places of residence of religious activists, priests, religious dignitaries and clergypersons, and other persons engaged in religious activities who live in belief or religious establishments are such establishments, unless they have other places of residence in accordance with this Law.
2. Places of residence of children, persons with particularly severe disabilities, persons with severe disabilities, and supportless persons who are admitted and living in belief or religious establishments are such establishments.
Article 18.
Places of residence of persons who are cared for, nurtured or assisted
1. Places of residence of persons who are cared for, nurtured or assisted at social protection establishments are such establishments.
2. Places of residence of persons who are cared for or nurtured in the community are places of residence of the persons who undertake to care for or nurture them.
Article 19.
Places of residence of persons who have no places of permanent residence or places of temporary residence
1. The place of residence of a person who has no place of permanent residence and place of temporary residence due to his/her ineligibility for permanent residence or temporary residence registration is his/her current place of residence. In case the address of his/her place of residence is unidentifiable, his/her current place of residence is the commune-level administrative unit where he/she is actually residing. Persons who have no places of permanent residence or places of temporary residence shall declare their residence information to residence registration offices in their current places of residence.
2. Residence registration offices shall guide the declaration of residence information in the information fields in the national population database and the residence database.
3. For a person specified in Clause 1 of this Article whose information is not yet available in the national population database and the residence database, within 30 days after receiving his/her declared information, a residence registration office shall check and verify such information. In complicated cases, such time limit may be extended but must not exceed 60 days.
4. For a person specified in Clause 1 of this Article whose information is available in the national population database and the residence database, within 5 working days after receiving his/her declared information, a residence registration office shall check and verify such information.
5. After checking and verifying information on current places of residence of citizens, residence registration offices shall update such information and other relevant information to the national population database and the residence database and notify declarants of the update.
6. In case of a change in his/her residence information, a citizen shall declare it to the residence registration office for review and modification of his/her information in the national population database and the residence database; and when fully satisfying the conditions specified in this Law, he/she shall carry out procedures for permanent residence or temporary residence registration.
7. The Government shall detail this Article.
Chapter IV
PERMANENT RESIDENCE REGISTRATION
Article 20.
Conditions for permanent residence registration
1. Citizens who have lawful places of residence under their ownership may register their permanent residence in such places.
2. A citizen may register his/her permanent residence in a lawful place of residence not under his/her ownership after obtaining the consent of the household head and the owner of such lawful place of residence in the following cases:
a/ He/she comes to live together with his/her spouse, parent(s) or child(ren);
b/ He/she is an elderly person and comes to live together with his/her sibling(s), or grandchild(ren); he/she is a person with particularly severe disabilities or severe disabilities or having no working capacity or suffering a mental illness or another disease that renders him/her unable to cognize and control his/her acts and comes to live together with his/her paternal or maternal grandparent(s), sibling(s), uncle(s), aunt(s), grandchild(ren) or guardian;
c/ He/she is a minor who has obtained the consent of his/her parent(s) or guardian or who has no parents and comes to live together with his/her great paternal or maternal grandparent(s), grandparent(s), sibling(s), uncle(s), or aunt(s); or he/she is a minor who comes to live together with his/her guardian.
3. Except the cases specified in Clause 2 of this Article, citizens may register their permanent residence in their lawful places of residence which they rent, borrow or live under permission of the owners of such places when satisfying the following conditions:
a/ They have obtained the consent of the owners of such lawful places of residence for registering their permanent residence at such places and the consent of household heads in case they register their permanent residence in such households;
b/ The condition on the minimum housing area set by provincial-level People’s Councils is satisfied which must not be smaller than 8 m
2
of floor/person.
4. Citizens may register their permanent residence at belief or religious establishments having auxiliary works being houses in one of the following cases:
a/ They are religious activists who are ordained, appointed, elected or transferred to carry out religious activities at religious establishments;
b/ They are representatives of belief establishments;
c/ They are permitted by representatives or management boards of belief establishments to register their permanent residence to directly manage and organize belief activities at belief establishments;
d/ They are children, persons with particularly severe disabilities or severe disabilities, or supportless persons who are permitted by representatives or management boards of belief establishments, or heads or representatives of religious establishments to register their permanent residence.
5. Persons who are cared for, nurtured or assisted may register their permanent residence at social protection establishments when it is so agreed by the heads of such establishments or may register their permanent residence in households that undertake to care for or nurture them when it is so agreed by household heads or owners of lawful places of residence.
6. Persons who live or are engaged in itinerant occupations on vehicles may register their permanent residence on such vehicles when satisfying the following conditions:
a/ They are the owners of, or permitted by the owners of such vehicles to register their permanent residence;
b/ Such vehicles have been registered and inspected in accordance with law. For a vehicle not subject to registration and inspection, the use of such vehicle for residential purpose shall be certified by the commune-level People’s Committee of the locality where such vehicle regularly are parked;
c/ It is certified by commune-level People’s Committees that such vehicles have been registered for regular parking in such localities in case such vehicles are not subject to registration or are registered in places other than where they are regularly parked.
7. Registration of permanent residence of minors requires the consent of their parents or guardians, unless their places of residence are decided by courts.
8. Citizens may not make new registrations of permanent residence in the places of residence specified in Article 23 of this Law, except the case specified at Point a, Clause 2 of this Article.
Article 21.
Permanent residence registration dossiers
1. A permanent residence registration dossier for a person specified in Clause 1, Article 20 of this Law must comprise:
a/ A declaration of changes in residence information;
b/ Papers and documents proving his/her ownership of a lawful place of residence.
2. A permanent residence registration dossier for a person specified in Clause 2, Article 20 of this Law must comprise:
a/ A declaration of changes in residence information, clearly stating the consent of the household head, the owner of the lawful place of residence or an authorized person for permanent residence registration, except the case in which a written consent has been obtained;
b/ Papers and documents proving personal relationship of such person with the household head or a household member, except the case in which information on such relationship is available on the national population database and the residence database;
c/ Papers and documents proving satisfaction of other conditions specified at Points b and c, Clause 2, Article 20 of this Law.
3. A permanent residence registration dossier for a person specified in Clause 3, Article 20 of this Law must comprise:
a/ A declaration of changes in residence information, clearly stating the consent of the household head, the owner of the lawful place of residence which is leased, lent or permitted for another person’s residence, or an authorized person for permanent residence registration, except the case in which a written consent has been obtained;
b/ A contract on lease, lending or permission for another person’s residence or a document on lending or permitting another person to reside in the lawful place of residence, which has been notarized or certified in accordance with law;
c/ Papers and documents proving satisfaction of the condition on the minimum housing area for permanent residence registration under regulations.
4. A permanent residence registration dossier for a person specified at Point a, b or c, Clause 4, Article 20 of this Law must comprise:
a/ A declaration of changes in residence information. For the persons specified at Point c, Clause 4, Article 20 of this Law, such a declaration must clearly state permission of the representative or management board of the belief establishment for permanent residence registration, except the case in which a written permission has been obtained;
b/ Papers and documents proving his/her status as a priest or religious dignitary or clergyperson or a religious activist and that he/she is permitted to carry out activities at such religious establishment in accordance with the law on belief and religion, for the persons specified at Point a, Clause 4, Article 20 of this Law; or papers and documents proving his/her status as the representative of the belief establishment, for the persons specified at Point b, Clause 4, Article 20 of this Law;
c/ Written certification by the commune-level People’s Committee that the belief or religious establishment has an auxiliary work being a house.
5. A permanent residence registration dossier for a person specified at Point d, Clause 4, Article 20 of this Law must comprise:
a/ A declaration of changes in residence information, clearly stating permission of the representative or management board of the belief establishment or the head or representative of the religious establishment for permanent residence registration, except the case in which a written permission has been obtained;
b/ Written certification by the commune-level People’s Committee that permanent residence registration applicant is a subject specified in Clause 2, Article 17 of this Law and that the belief or religious establishment has an auxiliary work being a house.
6. A permanent residence registration dossier for a person specified in Clause 5, Article 20 of this Law must comprise:
a/ A declaration of changes in residence information. For persons who are cared for or nurtured by individuals or households, such a declaration must clearly state the consent of the heads of such households, or owners of the lawful places of residence of such individuals or households, or of authorized persons for permanent residence registration, except the case in which a written consent has been obtained;
b/ A written request of the head of the social protection establishment, for persons cared for, nurtured or assisted by social protection establishments;
c/ Papers and documents certifying the care for, nurture or assistance.
7. A permanent residence registration dossier for a person specified in Clause 6, Article 20 of this Law must comprise:
a/ A declaration of changes in residence information. For permanent residence registration applicants other than vehicle owners, such a declaration must clearly state the consent of the vehicle owner or an authorized person for permanent residence registration, except the case in which a written consent has been obtained;
b/ Vehicle registration certificate and technical safety and environmental protection certificate or a written certification by the commune-level People’s Committee that such vehicle is used for residential purpose, for vehicles not subject to registration and inspection;
c/ A written certification by the commune-level People’s Committee of the place where the vehicle is registered for regular parking, in case such vehicle is not subject to registration or is registered in the place other than where it is regularly parked.
8. In case a permanent residence registration applicant specified in Clause 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7 of this Article is a minor, his/her declaration of changes in residence information must clearly state the consent of his/her parent(s) or guardian, except the case in which a written consent has been obtained.
9. In case a permanent residence registration applicant specified in Clause 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7 of this Article is an overseas Vietnamese who retains his/her Vietnamese citizenship, his/her permanent residence registration dossier must contain his/her valid Vietnamese passport. In case he/she no longer holds a valid Vietnamese passport, such dossier must contain a paper or document proving his/her Vietnamese citizenship and a written permission of the Ministry of Public Security’s immigration office for permanent residence registration.
10. The Government shall provide in detail papers and documents proving lawful places of residence and those proving personal relationships specified in this Article.
Article 22.
Permanent residence registration procedures
1. Permanent residence registration applicants shall file their permanent residence registration dossiers to residence registration offices of localities where they reside.
2. Upon receiving permanent residence registration dossiers, residence registration offices shall check them and issue dossier receipts to the registration applicants. For incomplete dossiers, they shall guide the applicants to supplement them.
3. Within 7 working days after receiving a complete and valid permanent residence registration dossier, a residence registration office shall verify and update information on the new place of permanent residence of the residence registrant to the residence database and notify him/her of the update. In case of refusal of registration, it shall reply in writing, clearly stating the reason.
4. A person who has made permanent residence registration and moves to another lawful place of residence and fully satisfies the conditions for permanent residence registration shall register his/her permanent residence in the new place of residence in accordance with this Law within 12 months from the date of satisfaction of registration conditions.
Article 23.
Places where new registration of permanent residence is not permitted
1. Places in restricted areas or no-construction zones or areas encroaching upon national defense or security, traffic, hydraulic work, dike or energy protection corridors, landmarks of protection of technical infrastructure facilities, or ranked historical-cultural relics, areas where the danger of landslide or flash flood is warned, or areas of protection of other works as specified by law.
2. Places where the whole housing area is located in illegally owned land areas or built on land areas where law-specified conditions for construction are not fully satisfied.
3. Places subject to land recovery decisions and decisions approving compensation, support and resettlement plans of competent state agencies; places being houses whose area is partially or wholly involved in a dispute or complaint related to house ownership or use rights which remains unresolved in accordance with law.
4. Places that are confiscated under decisions of competent state agencies; vehicles used as places of permanent residence registration that are deregistered or have no technical safety and environmental protection certificates in accordance with law.
5. Places being houses subject to dismantlement decisions of competent state agencies.
Article 24.
Permanent residence deregistration
1. Persons who fall into one of the following cases will have their permanent residence deregistered:
a/ They die or are declared by courts as missing or dead;
b/ They go abroad for permanent residence;
c/ They are subject to decisions on deregistration of their permanent residence under Article 35 of this Law;
d/ They are absent from their places of permanent residence for 12 consecutive months or more without registering their temporary residence in other places or declaring their temporary absence, unless they go abroad not for permanent residence, or are serving their imprisonment sentences or being subject to the measure of consignment into compulsory education institutions, compulsory drug rehabilitation centers or reformatories;
dd/ They have been permitted by competent agencies to renounce their Vietnamese citizenship, been deprived of their Vietnamese citizenship or had decisions permitting their naturalization in Vietnam annulled;
e/ They had registered permanent residence in the places of residence which they rented or borrowed or in which they lived under permission of the owners of such places of residence but have terminated such lease, borrowing or living and fail to register their permanent residence in new places of residence after 12 months from the date of the termination, except the case specified at Point h of this Clause;
g/ They had registered their permanent residence in lawful places of residence but later the ownership of such places has been transferred to other persons and they fail to register their permanent residence in new places of residence after 12 months from the date of the ownership transfer, unless they obtain the consent of the new owners for continuing to lease or borrow such places of residence or continuing to live under permission of the owners of such places of residence and for registering their permanent residence in such places of residence or except the case specified at Point h of this Clause;
h/ They had registered their permanent residence in places of residence which they rented or borrowed or in which they lived under permission of the owners of such places of residence but later have terminated such lease, borrowing or living and cannot obtain the consent of the owners of such places of residence to keep their registration of permanent residence in such places of residence; or they had registered their permanent residence in places of residence under their ownership but later have transferred the ownership of such places of residence to other persons and cannot obtain the consent of the latter to keep their registration of permanent residence in such places of residence;
i/ They had registered their permanent residence in places of residence that later have been dismantled or confiscated under decisions of competent state agencies or on vehicles that later have been deregistered in accordance with law.
2. The offices that have granted permanent residence registration may deregister permanent residence and shall clearly state reasons for and time of permanent residence deregistration in the residence database.
3. The Government shall provide in detail dossiers and procedures for permanent residence deregistration.
Article 25.
Household splitting
1. A household member may separate himself/herself from the household for registration of his/her permanent residence in the same lawful place of residence when fully satisfying the following conditions:
a/ He/she has full civil act capacity. In case more than one member of the household wish to separate themselves from the household to form a new household, at least one of them must have full civil act capacity;
b/ He/she has obtained the consent of the household head or owner of the lawful place of residence, except the case in which he/she is divorced but still entitled to live together with his/her divorced spouse in such place of residence;
c/ The place of permanent residence of the household does not fall into the case specified in Article 23 of this Law.
2. A dossier for household splitting must comprise a declaration of changes in residence information, clearly stating the consent of the household head or owner of the lawful place of residence regarding the household splitting, except the case in which a written consent has been obtained.
In case of household splitting after divorce as specified at Point b, Clause 1 of this Article, a dossier for household splitting must comprise a declaration of changes in residence information, and papers and documents proving the divorce and proving that he/she is permitted to continue using such lawful place of residence.
3. Household splitting procedures:
a/ A household splitting registration applicant shall submit a dossier specified in Clause 2 of this Article to a residence registration office;
b/ Within 5 working days after receiving a complete and valid dossier, the residence registration office shall verify and update information on the household related to the household splitting to the residence database and notify the applicant of the update. In case of refusal of the household splitting, it shall reply in writing, clearly stating the reason.
Article 26.
Modification of residence information in the residence database
1. Citizen residence information shall be modified in the following cases:
a/ The household head is changed;
b/ There is a change in civil status information compared to that stored in the residence database;
c/ There is a change in the address of a place of residence in the residence database due to adjustment of boundaries or name of an administrative unit, name of a street, residential quarter, village or hamlet, or house numbering method.
2. A dossier for residence information modification mentioned at Point a or b, Clause 1 of this Article must comprise:
a/ A declaration of changes in residence information;
b/ Papers and documents proving the changes.
3. Procedures for residence information modification:
a/ For the case specified at Point a, Clause 1 of this Article, a household member shall submit a dossier specified in Clause 2 of this Article to a residence registration office. Within 3 working days after receiving a complete and valid dossier, the residence registration office shall modify information on the household head in the residence database and notify the household members of the information update. In case of refusal of the modification, it shall reply in writing, clearly stating the reason;
b/ For the case specified at Point b, Clause 1 of this Article, within 30 days after obtaining a competent agency’s decision on the change of civil status information, the person whose information is changed shall submit a dossier of registration for modification of relevant information in the residence database as specified in Clause 2 of this Article to a residence registration office.
Within 3 working days after receiving a complete and valid dossier, the residence registration office shall modify civil status information in the residence database and notify the registration applicant of the information update. In case of refusal of the modification, it shall reply in writing, clearly stating the reason;
c/ For the case specified at Point c, Clause 1 of this Article, a residence registration office shall modify information and update the modified information in the residence database.
Chapter V
TEMPORARY RESIDENCE REGISTRATION, STAY NOTIFICATION, TEMPORARY ABSENCE DECLARATION
Article 27.
Conditions for temporary residence registration
1. Every citizen that comes to reside in a lawful place of residence outside the commune-level administrative unit where he/she has registered his/her permanent residence for working, study or another purpose for 30 days or more shall register his/her temporary residence.
2. The maximum period of temporary residence is 2 years and may be extended for an unlimited number of times.
3. Citizens may not make new registration of temporary residence in the places specified in Article 23 of this Law.
Article 28.
Dossiers and procedures for temporary residence registration, temporary residence period extension
1. A temporary residence registration dossier must comprise:
a/ A declaration of changes in residence information. For temporary residence registration applicants being minors, such a declaration must clearly state the consent of his/her parent(s) or guardian, except the case in which a written consent has been obtained;
b/ Papers and documents proving his/her lawful place of residence.
2. A temporary residence registration applicant shall submit a temporary residence registration dossier to a residence registration office of the locality where he/she wishes to temporarily reside.
Upon receiving a temporary residence registration dossier, the residence registration office shall examine it and issue a dossier receipt to the declaration applicant. In case the dossier is incomplete, it shall guide the applicant in supplementing the dossier.
Within 3 working days after receiving a complete and valid dossier, the residence registration office shall verify and update information on the new place of temporary residence and temporary residence period of the temporary residence registration applicant to the residence database and notify him/her of the information update. In case of refusal of the registration, it shall reply in writing, clearly stating the reason.
3. At least 15 days before the expiration of his/her registered temporary residence period, a citizen shall carry out procedures for extension of such period.
Dossiers and procedures for extension of temporary residence period are specified in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article. After examining the dossier, the residence registration office shall update information on the new temporary residence period of the registration applicant to the residence database and notify him/her of the information update. In case of refusal of the registration, it shall reply in writing, clearly stating the reason.
Article 29.
Temporary residence deregistration
1. A person falling into one of the following cases will have his/her temporary residence deregistered:
a/ He/she dies; there is a court ruling declaring him/her as missing or dead;
b/ There is a decision on temporary residence deregistration specified in Article 35 of this Law;
c/ He/she is continuously absent from his/her place of temporary residence for 6 months or more without registering his/her temporary residence in another place;
d/ A competent agency has permitted him/her to renounce his/her Vietnamese citizenship or deprived of his/her Vietnamese citizenship or annulled the decision permitting him/her to be naturalized in Vietnam;
dd/ He/she has been permitted to register his/her permanent residence in the place of temporary residence;
e/ He/she had registered his/her temporary residence in the place of residence which he/she rented or borrowed or in which he/she lived under permission of the owner of such place of residence but later has terminated such rent, borrowing or living without registering his/her temporary residence in another place of residence;
g/ He/she had registered his/her temporary residence in a lawful place of residence but later the ownership of such place of residence has been transferred to another person, unless he/she obtains the consent of the new owner of such place of residence for continuing to live in such place;
h/ He/she had registered his/her temporary residence in a place of residence that has been dismantled or confiscated under a competent state agency’s decision or on a vehicle that has been deregistered in accordance with law.
2. The offices that have granted temporary residence registration may deregister temporary residence and shall clearly state reasons for and time of temporary residence deregistration in the residence database.
3. The Government shall provide in detail dossiers and procedures for temporary residence deregistration.
Article 30.
Stay notification
1. When a person comes to stay with them, household members or representatives of medical treatment establishments, tourist accommodation establishments or other establishments with accommodation function shall notify such person’s stay to a residence registration office. In case a person comes to stay at the place of residence of an individual or a household while such individual or members of such household is/are absent, he/she shall notify his/her stay to a residence registration office.
2. Stay notification may be carried out directly, by phone or electronic means or another means as provided by the Minister of Public Security.
3. Stay notification contents include full name, personal identification number or people’s identity card or passport number of the staying person; reasons for the stay; stay period; and address of the place of stay.
4. Stay notification shall be carried out before 23:00 hours of the day when the stay begins. In case a person comes to stay at a place of residence after 23:00 hours, the stay notification shall be carried out before 8:00 hours of the following day. In case a grandparent, parent, spouse, child, grandchild or sibling comes to stay at a place of residence frequently, his/her stay shall be notified only once.
5. Stay notifications shall be included in stay record books.
Article 31.
Temporary absence declaration
1. A citizen shall declare his/her temporary absence in the following cases:
a/ He/she leaves the commune-level administrative unit where he/she is residing for 1 day or more, for the accused or defendants on bail; persons sentenced to imprisonment for whom no judgment execution decisions have been issued or for whom judgment execution decisions have been issued but who are on bail or entitled to postponement or suspension of the serving of such sentence; persons sentenced to imprisonment and entitled to suspended sentence and being in the probation period; persons currently serving probation or non-custodial reform sentences; or persons entitled to conditional early release and being in the probation period;
b/ He/she leaves the commune-level administrative unit where he/she is residing for 1 day or more, for persons currently serving the measure of education in communes, wards or townships; persons currently serving the measure of consignment into compulsory educational institutions, compulsory drug rehabilitation centers or reformatories and entitled to postponement or suspension of the serving of such measure; or persons under management pending completion of procedures for consideration and decision on application of the measure of consignment into compulsory educational institutions, compulsory drug rehabilitation centers or reformatories;
c/ He/she leaves the district-level administrative unit where he/she is residing for 3 consecutive months or more, for persons of the age group subject to military service duty or currently performing other obligations toward the State under decisions of competent state agencies;
d/ He/she leaves the commune-level administrative unit where he/she is permanently residing for 12 consecutive months or more, for persons other than those specified at Points a, b and c of this Clause, except the case in which he/she has registered his/her temporary residence in a new place of residence or gone abroad.
2. Before leaving his/her place of residence, a person specified at Point a or b, Clause 1 of this Article shall declare his/her temporary absence to the residence registration office of the locality where he/she is residing. When making temporary absence declaration, he/she shall file a request for temporary absence declaration and produce a written consent of the competent agency supervising, managing and educating him/her.
The residence registration office shall guide and check declaration contents. Within 1 working day after receiving a request for temporary absence declaration, the residence registration office shall issue a temporary absence declaration form to the citizen. For complicated cases, the time limit for processing such request may be extended but must not exceed 2 working days.
3. A person specified at Point c or d, Clause 1 of this Article may declare his/her temporary absence to the residence registration office of the locality where he/she is residing or may do so by phone or electronic means or another means as provided by the Minister of Public Security. In case a person specified at Point d, Clause 1 of this Article is a minor, his/her parent(s) or guardian shall declare his/her temporary absence.
4. Temporary absence declaration contents include full name, personal identification number or people’s identity card or passport number of the declarant; reason for the temporary absence; temporary absence period; and address of the destination.
5. Residence registration offices shall update temporary absence declaration information of citizens to the residence database and notify declarants of the information update when so requested.
Chapter VI
RESIDENCE MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY
Article 32.
Responsibility for state management of residence
1. The Government shall perform the unified state management of residence nationwide.
2. The Ministry of Public Security shall take responsibility before the Government for performing the state management of residence and shall:
a/ Formulate and submit to the Government for promulgation or promulgate according to its competence legal documents on residence;
b/ Direct and organize the implementation of legal documents on residence; organize residence registration and management nationwide, and update residence information to the national population database and the residence database;
c/ Stop the implementation of, or annul according to its competence or propose competent authorities to annul, residence management regulations which are contrary to this Law;
d/ Issue, print and manage declaration forms of changes in residence information and other papers, documents, forms and books on residence;
dd/ Equip machinery, devices and equipment; appoint, train and further train residence management officers;
e/ Make state statistics on residence; review and conduct scientific research in residence management; and organize public communication, dissemination and education of the law on residence;
g/ Carry out examination and inspection, settle complaints and denunciations about residence, and handle violations of the law on residence in accordance with law.
h/ Enter into international cooperation on residence management.
3. Ministries and ministerial-level agencies shall, within the ambit of their tasks and powers, perform the state management of residence as assigned by the Government.
4. Within the ambit of their tasks and powers, People’s Committees at all levels shall:
a/ Organize the implementation of legal documents on residence in their localities;
b/ Direct the coordination among concerned local agencies in residence management;
c/ Organize public communication, dissemination and education of the law on residence;
d/ Carry out examination and inspection, settle complaints and denunciations about residence, and handle violations of the law on residence in accordance with law.
Article 33.
Responsibilities of residence registration offices
1. To publicly display administrative procedures; to guide agencies, organizations, individuals and households in implementing the law on residence; to publicize places, telephone numbers or other methods for, receiving stay notifications or temporary absence declarations.
2. To update residence information of citizens to the national population database and the residence database.
3. To certify residence information, and notify results of performance of procedures for permanent residence registration, temporary residence registration, temporary residence period extension, declaration or modification of residence information, household splitting, or temporary absence declaration in writing or via e-messages or in other forms provided by the Minister of Public Security.
4. To manage and archive dossiers, papers and documents on residence registration and management, and keep confidential residence registration information of citizens.
5. To settle citizens’ petitions, complaints and denunciations about residence and residence management according to their competence.
Article 34.
Residence registration officers
1. Residence registration officers must be professionally trained and further trained to be capable of properly performing their assigned tasks.
2. While performing their tasks, residence registration officers shall show their serious attitude and humble and amiable behaviors; receive and examine relevant dossiers, papers and documents and proceed with procedures within time limits specified in this Law; for incomplete and invalid dossiers, they shall provide specific and detailed guidance in writing and take responsibility before law for such guidance.
Article 35.
Permanent residence or temporary residence deregistration
In case responsible agencies or persons carry out permanent residence or temporary residence registration ultra vires, for ineligible persons or when conditions specified in this Law are not satisfied, such agencies or heads of their superior agencies shall issue decisions on permanent residence or temporary residence deregistration. Such agencies shall notify the deregistration in writing to registration applicants, clearly stating reasons.
Article 36.
Residence database
1. The residence database shall be developed to serve the state management of residence and constitutes national property uniformly managed by the Ministry of Public Security.
2. The residence database shall be connected to the national population database and other databases in accordance with law and must meet database standards and information technology standards and technical regulations.
3. The collection, storage, processing, protection, exploitation and use of residence data must satisfy the following requirements:
a/ Applying information technology to collect, store and process residence information in a complete, swift and accurate manner; ensuring data security in conformity with database system principles and formats;
b/ Ensuring safety of devices and media storing residence information and documents;
c/ Protecting cyber security and residence information security on the computer network; ensuring safety for information and documents stored in the residence database; preventing and combating acts of attacking or hacking into the residence database for stealing information, or sabotaging or destroying residence data;
d/ All accesses to the residence database for modifying residence information of citizens must be approved by heads of residence registration offices or other competent agencies;
dd/ Agencies, organizations and individuals may not illegally provide, exchange, copy and print information and documents from the residence database.
4. The Government shall provide in detail the development, management and use of the residence database and information therein, and the provision and exchange of information and documents from the residence database to agencies, organizations and individuals.
Chapter VII
IMPLEMENTATION PROVISIONS
Article 37.
Amendment, supplementation and annulment of a number of articles of the law concerning residence management
1. To amend and supplement Clause 1, Article 9 of Law No. 59/2014/QH13 on Citizen Identification as follows:
“1. Collected and updated information contents of a citizen include:
a/ Family name, middle name and first name as stated in a birth certificate;
b/ Date of birth;
c/ Gender;
d/ Place of birth registration;
dd/ Native place;
e/ Ethnicity;
g/ Religion;
h/ Citizenship;
i/ Marital status;
k/ Place of permanent residence;
l/ Place of temporary residence;
m/ Status of temporary absence declaration;
n/ Current place of residence;
o/ Relationship with the household head;
p/ Blood type, when the citizen requests update and produces conclusions on testing and identification of his/her blood type;
q/ Family names, middle names and first names, personal identification numbers or people’s identity card numbers and citizenships of parents and spouse or lawful representative;
r/ Family names, middle names and first names, personal identification numbers or people’s identity card numbers of the household head and members;
s/ Date of death or missing.”.
2. To amend and supplement Clause 7, Article 2 of Law No. 25/2008/QH12 on Health Insurance, which was amended and supplemented under Law No. 32/2013/QH13, Law No. 46/2014/QH13, Law No. 97/2015/QH13, and Law No. 35/2018/QH14, as follows:
“7.
Household covered by health insurance
(below referred to as household) consists of persons who jointly register their permanent residence or temporary residence in the same lawful place of residence in accordance with the law on residence.”
3. To annul Clauses 3 and 4, Article 19 of Law No. 25/2012/QH13 on the Capital.
4. To annul Point b, Clause 1, Article 45 of Law No. 28/2009/QH12 on Criminal Records.
Article 38.
Implementation provisions
1. This Law takes effect on July 1, 2021.
2. Law No. 81/2006/QH11 on Residence, which was amended and supplemented under Law No. 36/2013/QH13, ceases to be effective as of the effective
date of this Law.
3. As of the effective date of this Law, granted household registration books and temporary residence books remain valid for use as residence certification papers and documents in accordance with this Law through December 31, 2022.
In case information in household registration books or temporary residence books is different from that in the residence database, the latter shall be used.
When citizens carry out procedures for residence registration, leading to changes in information in their household registration books or temporary residence books, residence registration offices shall revoke such books and modify and update information to the residence database in accordance with this Law and may not grant new books or re-grant such books.
4. The Government, ministries, ministerial-level agencies and other related agencies shall review their issued legal documents that contain provisions on household registration books and temporary residence books or require residence certification papers and documents in order to revise them to be consistent with this Law, and limit the use of information on places of residence as a condition for performance of administrative procedures.
This Law was passed on November 13, 2020, by the XIV
th
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam at its 10
th
session.-
Chairwoman of the National Assembly
NGUYEN THI KIM NGAN
[1]
Công Báo Nos 1179-1180 (23/12/2020)
This feature is available to
English
or
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Processing, please wait...
You are not logged in.
This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to access detailed information on Related documents.
If you do not have an account, please
register here!
Processing, please wait...
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
VIETNAMESE DOCUMENTS
Residence Law 2020, No. 68/2020/QH14 PDF (Original)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Residence Law 2020, No. 68/2020/QH14 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
ENGLISH DOCUMENTS
Official Gazette
Residence Law 2020, No. 68/2020/QH14 (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Residence Law 2020, No. 68/2020/QH14 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
* Note:
To view documents downloaded from LuatVietnam.vn, please install DOC, DOCX and PDF file readers
For further support, please call
19006192
Circular 100/2026/TT-BTC repealing 06 Circulars issued by Minister of Finance
Decree 278/2026/ND-CP amend Decree 72/2025/ND-CP on mechanism and time frame for adjusting the average electricity retail price
Circular 30/2026/TT-BYT contents of nutrition facts labels and method of nutrition facts labeling of food
Circular 32/2026/TT-NHNN provision of loans by credit institutions and foreign bank branches for offshore investment
Circular 56/2026/TT-BXD working time and rest time for workers performing jobs of special characteristics at sea
Log in
Register
Remember
Forgot password
Log in
Or log in via
* Required information
Username
Email
*
Password
*
Confirm Password
*
I agree to the
Terms & Conditions
and
Personal Data Protection Policy
of LuatVietnam
Register
Forgot password
Enter your account name to recover your password.
Send
Select folder
+ Add folder
Save
Back
Add folder
Bilingual Text
Nội dung tham chiếu