URL: http://english.luatvietnam.vn/decree-no-10-2022-nd-cp-dated-january-15-2022-of-the-government-on-registration-fee-215819-doc1.html
Title: Decree 10/2022/ND-CP on registration fee
Downloaded: 2026-07-21 11:35:10
Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8
================================================================================

Decree 10/2022/ND-CP on registration fee
Home
Legal Normative Documents
New documents
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
News
Services
Available translation
On-demand translation
Vietnamese
Home
Legal Normative Documents
Tax - Fee - Charge
Search
Advanced Search
Advanced search for legal documents
Filter by
Reset
Types of documents
Law
Ordinance
Decree
Decision
Circular
Joint Circular
Resolution
Directive
Official Dispatch
Regulation
Instruction
Notice
Order
Official Telegram
Plan
Report
Code
Consolidated Text
Convention
Agreement
Treaty
Protocol
Agreement
Treaty
Issuing bodies
Committee for Physical Trainning and Sports
Committee for Population, Family and Children
Council of Ministers
Department of Hanoi public health care
General Department of Customs
General Department of Forestry
General Department of Land Administration
General Department of Post and Telecommunications
General Department of Statistics
General Department of Taxation
General Department of Tourism
Government
Government Commission for Organizational Personnel
Government Committee for Prices
Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
Ministry of Aquatic Products
Ministry of Construction
Ministry of Culture - Information
Ministry of Culture and Information
Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism
Ministry of Education and Training
Ministry of Finance
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Health
Ministry of Home Affairs
Ministry of Industry
Ministry of Industry and Trade
Ministry of Information and Communications
Ministry of Justice
Ministry of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs
Ministry of National Defence
Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment
Ministry of Planning and Investment
Ministry of Post and Telecommunications
Ministry of Public Security
Ministry of Science and Technology
Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment
Ministry of Trade
Ministry of Transport
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
National Assembly Standing Committee
National Committee for International Economic Co-operation
National Committee for Population and Family Planning
Office of the Government
Office of the National Assembly
People' Committee of Ho Chi Minh City
People's Committee of Hanoi
People's Supereme Court
People's Supereme Procuracy
Political Bureau
Prime Minister
Socialist Republic of Vietnam
State Bank
State Bank of Vietnam
State Committee for Co-operation and Investment (SCCI)
State Committee for Ethnic Minorities and Mountainous Areas
State Committee for Planning
State Council
State Securities Commission
The Ethnic Minority Committee
The Judges's Council of the Supreme People's Court
The President
Vietnam Labor General Confederation
Vietnam Social Security
Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee
All fields
Culture - Sports - Tourism
Information - Communications
Agriculture - Forestry
Natural Resources - Environment
Justice
Criminal
Civil law
Marriage and family
Electricity
Bidding - Competition
Appeal - Accuse
Press - Television
Insurance
Emulation - Commendation - Discipline
Administrative border
Commerce - Advertising
Food and drug
Saving - Anti-corruption
National Security
Cadres - Civil Servants
Residence - Population
Immigration
Accounting - Audit
Securities
Navigation
Aquatic products
National defence
Intellectual property
Transport
Administration
Administrative violation
Policy
Enterprise
Organizational structure
Others
Customs
Construction
Science - Technology
Industry
Foreign affairs
Health
Public order
Labor - Salary
Export - Import
Education - Training - Vocational training
Tax - Fee - Charge
Land - Housing
Finance - Banking
Investment
Effect status
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Signers
Abdellatif Ouahbi
Abdelwaheb Abdallah
Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdullah Ali Abdullah Al Yahaya
Abdullah bin Sultan bin Awad Al Nuaimi
Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan
Adisai Bodharamik
Alastair Goodlad
Amaret Sila_on
Amnuay Viravan
Andre Ouellet
Andrew S.Natsisos
Ang Vong Vathana
Anna Lindstedt
Arifin M. Siregar
Au Anh Tuan
B.G (NS) George Yong-Boon Yeo
Bac-ba-ra Su-ma-nop-xka
Bach Thi Minh Huyen
Banh Tien Long
Battsetseg Batmunkh
Be-a-ta Xo-ten-mac
Berkesi Laszlos
Bernard K.Mambe
Bhuvesh Chaturvedi
Brain Cowen
Bui Anh Tuan
Bui Ba Bong
Bui Cach Tuyen
Bui Hong Linh
Bui Hong Minh
Bui Huu Toan
Bui Manh Cuong
Bui Manh Hai
Bui Nguyen Long
Bui Pham Khanh
Bui Quang Vinh
Bui Thanh Son
Bui The Duy
Bui Thi Quynh Van
Bui Thien Ngo
Bui Van Cuong
Bui Van Ga
Bui Van Khang
Bui Van Nam
Bui Van Suong
Bui Xuan Cuong
Bui Xuan Dung
Bui Xuan Khu
Bui Xuan Minh
Bui Xuan Son
Cao Anh Tuan
Cao Duc Phat
Cao Lai Quang
Cao Minh Quang
Cao Quoc Hung
Cao Si Kiem
Cao Viet Sinh
Caryn R. McClelland
Cear V.Purisma
Cecilia Piccioni
Cham Nimul
Cham Pradidh
Cham Prasidh
Chan Sek Keong
Charlotte Laursen
Chau Hue Cam
Chou Vichith
Chu Hao
Chu Ngoc Anh
Chu Pham Ngoc Hien
Chu Tuan Cap
Chu Tuan Nha
Chu Van Nguyen
Chu Van Thinh
Chu Xuan Dung
Commodore(Ns) Teo Chee Hean
Cristian Barros
Cu Ngoc Oanh
Dam Huu Dac
Dam Thi Hoa
Dang cap nhat
Dang Dinh Lam
Dang Dinh Luu
Dang Hanh Thu
Dang Hoang An
Dang Hong Nam
Dang Hung Vo
Dang Huu
Dang Huy Dong
Dang Huynh Mai
Dang Nghiem Chinh
Dang Ngoc Minh
Dang Ngoc Tung
Dang Nhu Loi
Dang Quang Phuong
Dang Quoc Tien
Dang Son Tung
Dang Thanh Binh
Dang Thi Bich Lien
Dang Thi Binh An
Dang Van Tao
Dang Van Tin
Dang Vu Chu
Daniel Tomlinson
Dao Dinh Binh
Dao Hong Lan
Dao Minh Tu
Dao Ngoc Dung
Dao Xuan Hoc
Da-So-Gan-Bon-Do
Dato’ Seri Paduka Haji Kifrawi
DATO’ SRI ONG TEE KEAT
Dick Kling
Diep Kinh Tan
Diep Kinh Tan
Dinh Anh Tuan
Dinh Huu Phi
Dinh La Thang
Dinh Ngoc Thang
Dinh Quang Ngu
Dinh Tien Dung
Dinh Trung Tung
Dinh Van Nha
Dinh Viet Son
Dlamini Zuma
Do Duc Duy
Do Duc Tien
Do Hai Dung
Do Hoang Anh Tuan
Do Huu Hao
Do Ngoc Huynh
Do Nguyen Phuong
Do Nhu Dinh
Do Quang Trung
Do Que Luong
Do Qui Doan
Do Quoc Sam
Do Quy Doan
Do Quy Doan
Do Thang Hai
Do Thanh Binh
Do Thi Xuan Phuong
Do Trung Ta
Do Van Dong
Do Van Sinh
Do Xuan Tuyen
Doan Hoang Minh
Doan Hong Phong
Doan Manh Giao
Doan Mau Diep
Doan Thai Son
Doan Van Viet
Doan Xuan Hung
Doan Xuan Toan
Duong Anh Duc
Duong Duc Tuan
Duong Gia Trien
Duong Quoc Anh
Duong Thu Huong
Duong Tri Dung
Ephraim Ben Matityau
Erik Derycke
Evgeny Shestakov
George Vella
Gia Tan Dinh
Giang Seo Phu
H. A.F.M.O van Mierlo
Ha Cong Tuan
Ha Hung
Ha Hung Cuong
Haike Manning
Hans Winkler
Hirofumi Nakasone
Ho Anh Tuan
Ho Dieu Bang
Ho Duc Phoc
Ho Huan Nghiem
Ho Nghia Dung
Ho Quoc Dung
Ho Te
Ho Thi Kim Thoa
Ho Xuan Hung
Hoang Cong Dung
Hoang Manh Hien
Hoang Minh Duc
Hoang Minh Hao
Hoang Minh Son
Hoang Minh Tuan Anh
Hoang Nghia Mai
Hoang Quoc Vuong
Hoang Quy
Hoang Sy Thanh
Hoang The Lien
Hoang Thi Ha Giang
Hoang Thi Tuyet Hoa
Hoang Trung
Hoang Trung Hai
Hoang Tuan Anh
Hoang Van Huay
Hoang Van Nghien
Hoang Van Phong
Hoang Van Thang
Hoang Viet Cuong
Hoang Vu Thanh
Hon. Robert Debus
HOR Namhong
Hu Cha-Chi
Hua Duc Nhi
Huynh Huu Phuc
Huynh Ngoc Thanh
Huynh Phong Tranh
Huynh Quang Hai
Huynh Thi Nhan
Huynh Vinh Ai
Jack Straw
Jan Vapaavuori
Joaquim Verissimo
John C Tsang
John Sydney Dawkins
Joseisidro N.Camacho
JUSMAN SYAFII DJAMAL
Kham Ouane Boupha
Khong co
Khuat Van Nga
KRASIMIR TSIPOV
Kwon Jong-rak
La Ngoc Khue
Lai Quang Thuc
Lam Thi Phuong Thanh
LASZLO TROCSANYI
Le Anh Tuan
Le Bach Hong
Le Chiem
Le Cong Phung
Le Cong Thanh
Le Danh Vinh
Le Dinh Tho
Le Dinh Tien
Le Doan Hop
Le Duc Anh
Le Duc Luan
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duong Quang
Le Duy Dong
Le Hoa Binh
Le Hoai Trung
Le Hong Anh
Le Hong Hai
Le Hong Nam
Le Hong Nga
Le Hong Son
Le Hung Son
Le Huy Con
Le Huy Ngo
Le Huy Vinh
Le Manh Hung
Le Minh Hoan
Le Minh Hung
Le Minh Huong
Le Minh Khai
Le Minh Ngan
Le Minh Tri
Le Nam Thang
Le Ngoc Hoan
Le Ngoc Trong
Le Quan
Le Quang Cuong
Le Quang Hung
Le Quang Tung
Le Quoc Doanh
Le Quoc Dung
Le Quoc Hung
Le Quoc Khanh
Le Quy Vuong
Le Quy Vuong
Le Tan Can
Le Tan Dung
Le Thanh Do
Le Thanh Liem
Le Thanh Long
Le Thanh Nghi
Le The Tiem
Le Thi Bang Tam
Le Thi Bich Thuan
Le Thi Thu Hang
Le Trung Chinh
Le Van Bang
Le Van Chau
Le Van Khoa
Le Van Tan
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Toan
Le Van Triet
Le Van Truyen
Le Van Tuyen
Le Van Uyen
Le Viet Dung
Le Vinh Tan
Le Vu Hung
Le Xuan Dinh
Le Xuan Trinh
LEANDRO R. MENDOZA
Lee Hsien Long
Lim Hng Kiang
Lim Jock Seng
Lo Thi Nhu
Luong Cuong
Luong Le Phuong
Luong Quoc Dung
Luong Tam Quang
Luong Thi Toi
Luong Van Tu
Luu Chan Dan
Luu Duc Huy
Luu Duc Sau
Luu Duc Tuyen
Luu Manh Tuong
Luu Tran Tieu
Macabangkit Lanto
Mai Ai Truc
Mai Liem Truc
Mai Luong Khoi
Mai Son
Mai Thi Thu Van
Mai Tien Dung
Mai Van Chinh
Mai Van Dau
Mai Xuan Thanh
MAJOR GENERAL THEIN SWE
Manuel M. Dayrit
Marcy Claudio Lopes
Mari Elka Pangestu
Maria Esther Reus Gonzalez
Martin Malvy
Maxim Alexandrovich Travnikov
MICHAEL KEENAN
Michael O. Leavitt
Miguel Angel Moratinos Cuyaube
Miguel Marin Bosch
Mike Penning
Mikulas BEK
Mingkwan Songsuwan
Mohammad Maruf
Muhyiddin Bin Mohammad Yassin
N.Ba-ga-Ban-di
NA-DA MA-LA-GOA-RA-CHI
Nam Viyaketh
Ngo Duy Hieu
Ngo Hai Phan
Ngo The Dan
Ngo Thi Kim Yen
Ngo Thi Minh
Ngo Xuan Hue
Ngo Xuan Lich
Ngo Xuan Loc
Nguen Hoang Tuan
Nguyen An Luong
Nguyen Anh Tuan
Nguyen Ba Hoan
Nguyen Bac Hai
Nguyen Bac Son
Nguyen Bich Dat
Nguyen Cam Tu
Nguyen Cao Luc
Nguyen Chi Dung
Nguyen Cong Binh
Nguyen Cong Dan
Nguyen Cong Nghiep
Nguyen Cong Su
Nguyen Cong Tan
Nguyen Cong Thanh
Nguyen Dai Thanh
Nguyen Dai Tri
Nguyen Danh Huy
Nguyen Danh Thai
Nguyen Dinh Bin
Nguyen Dinh Bong
Nguyen Dinh Khang
Nguyen Dinh Lieu
Nguyen Dinh Loc
Nguyen Dinh Toan
Nguyen Dong Tien
Nguyen Duc Chi
Nguyen Duc Chinh
Nguyen Duc Chung
Nguyen Duc Huy
Nguyen Duc Minh
Nguyen Duc Quang
Nguyen Duc Tam
Nguyen Duong Thai
Nguyen Duy Giang
Nguyen Duy Lam
Nguyen Duy Minh
Nguyen Duy Ngoc
Nguyen Duy Nien
Nguyen Duy Thang
Nguyen Dy Nien
Nguyen Hai Phong
Nguyen Hanh Phuc
Nguyen Hoa Binh
Nguyen Hoang Anh
Nguyen Hoang Hiep
Nguyen Hoang Long
Nguyen Hong Dien
Nguyen Hong Nhi
Nguyen Hong Quan
Nguyen Hong Truong
Nguyen Huu Chi
Nguyen Huu Do
Nguyen Huu Hoai
Nguyen Huu Hung
Nguyen Huu Nghiep
Nguyen Huu Tan
Nguyen Huu Tri
Nguyen Huu Vu
Nguyen Huy Ban
Nguyen Huy Dung
Nguyen Huy Hieu
Nguyen Huy Hoan
Nguyen Huy Luan
Nguyen Huy Tien
Nguyen Huy Tuong
Nguyen Khac Dinh
Nguyen Khanh
Nguyen Khanh Ngoc
Nguyen Khanh Toan
Nguyen Khoa Diem
Nguyen Kim Anh
Nguyen Kim Ly
Nguyen Kim Son
Nguyen Ky Cam
Nguyen Linh Ngoc
Nguyen Loc An
Nguyen Luong Trao
Nguyen Mai
Nguyen Manh Cam
Nguyen Manh Dong
Nguyen Manh Ha
Nguyen Manh Hien
Nguyen Manh Hung
Nguyen Manh Khuong
Nguyen Manh Kiem
Nguyen Minh Hien
Nguyen Minh Hong
Nguyen Minh Quang
Nguyen Minh Thao
Nguyen Minh Thong
Nguyen Minh Triet
Nguyen Minh Tuan
Nguyen Minh Vu
Nguyen Nam Binh
Nguyen Nam Hai
Nguyen Ngoc Bao
Nguyen Ngoc Canh
Nguyen Ngoc Dong
Nguyen Ngoc Hien
Nguyen Ngoc Hong
Nguyen Ngoc Lan
Nguyen Ngoc Phi
Nguyen Ngoc Thien
Nguyen Ngoc Tuan
Nguyen Ngoc Tuc
Nguyen Ngoc Vinh
Nguyen Nhac
Nguyen Nhat
Nguyen Nhat Kha
Nguyen Phu Binh
Nguyen Phu Trong
Nguyen Phuoc Thanh
Nguyen Phuong Nga
Nguyen Quan
Nguyen Quang Dung
Nguyen Quang Ha
Nguyen Quang Huy
Nguyen Que Huong
Nguyen Quoc Dung
Nguyen Quoc Huy
Nguyen Quoc Thanh
Nguyen Quoc Tri
Nguyen Quoc Trieu
Nguyen Sinh Hung
Nguyen Sinh Nhat Tan
Nguyen Son
Nguyen Sy Hiep
Nguyen Tam Chien
Nguyen Tan Dung
Nguyen Tan Trinh
Nguyen Tan Van
Nguyen Thac Giap
Nguyen Thai Binh
Nguyen Thai Duong
Nguyen Thai Lai
Nguyen Thanh
Nguyen Thanh Bien
Nguyen Thanh Cung
Nguyen Thanh Hoa
Nguyen Thanh Hung
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Long
Nguyen Thanh Nghi
Nguyen Thanh Phong
Nguyen Thanh Son
Nguyen Thanh Tinh
Nguyen The Manh
Nguyen The Phuong
Nguyen Thi Bich Ngoc
Nguyen Thi Cuc
Nguyen Thi Ha
Nguyen Thi Hang
Nguyen Thi Hanh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Anh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Lan
Nguyen Thi Hong
Nguyen Thi Hong Minh
Nguyen Thi Huong Lan
Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan
Nguyen Thi Kim Phung
Nguyen Thi Kim Tien
Nguyen Thi Le
Nguyen Thi Le Thanh
Nguyen Thi Lien Huong
Nguyen Thi Minh
Nguyen Thi Minh Nguyet
Nguyen Thi Nghia
Nguyen Thi Phuong Hoa
Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong
Nguyen Thi Thu
Nguyen Thi Thu Phuong
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Xuan Thu
Nguyen Thi Xuyen
Nguyen Thien Luan
Nguyen Thien Nhan
Nguyen Thuy Hien
Nguyen Tien Dinh
Nguyen Tien Dung
Nguyen Tien Hong
Nguyen Tien Sam
Nguyen Tien Trung
Nguyen Tien Truong
Nguyen Toan Thang
Nguyen Tran Nam
Nguyen Tri Thuc
Nguyen Tri Tue
Nguyen Trong Dam
Nguyen Trong Dieu
Nguyen Trong Du
Nguyen Trung Khanh
Nguyen Trung Kien
Nguyen Truong Son
Nguyen Tuong Van
Nguyen Van An
Nguyen Van Binh
Nguyen Van Cam
Nguyen Van Can
Nguyen Van Chi
Nguyen Van Cong
Nguyen Van Dang
Nguyen Van Duc
Nguyen Van Duoc
Nguyen Van Giau
Nguyen Van Hien
Nguyen Van Hieu
Nguyen Van Hoi
Nguyen Van Hong
Nguyen Van Hung
Nguyen Van Huong
Nguyen Van Khai
Nguyen Van Lien
Nguyen Van Long
Nguyen Van Nen
Nguyen Van Nganh
Nguyen Van Ngu
Nguyen Van Phuc
Nguyen Van Phung
Nguyen Van Rinh
Nguyen Van San
Nguyen Van Sanh
Nguyen Van Sinh
Nguyen Van Suu
Nguyen Van Thang
Nguyen Van Thanh
Nguyen Van The
Nguyen Van Tho
Nguyen Van Thuong
Nguyen Van Tien
Nguyen Van Trung
Nguyen Van Tung
Nguyen Van Vinh Chau
Nguyen Van Vong
Nguyen Vi Ninh
Nguyen Viet Hung
Nguyen Viet Thang
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Vinh Hien
Nguyen Xuan Chuan
Nguyen Xuan Cuong
Nguyen Xuan Duong
Nguyen Xuan Phuc
Nguyen Xuan Quang
Nguyen Xuan Sang
Nguyen Xuan Thanh
Nguyen Xuan Thao
Nguyen Xuan Thuy
Nicola Louise Roxon
Nong Duc Manh
Nong Phi Quang
Obaid Humaid Al Tayer
Oldemiro Julio Marques Baloi
Olga Algajerova
OsMan Giines
Pan Sorasak
Patrizia Toia
Paula Lehtomaki
Pedro Mejia Gomez
PEHIN DATO ABU BAKAR APONG
Peter B.Favila
Peter D. Garrucho
Peter Ricketts
Peter Szijjarto
Pham Binh Minh
Pham Cong Tac
Pham Duc Long
Pham Duy Anh
Pham Duy Khuong
Pham Gia Khiem
Pham Gia Tuc
Pham Hoang Duc
Pham Hong Giang
Pham Hong Ha
Pham Hong Hai
Pham Khoi Nguyen
Pham Le Tuan
Pham Manh Hung
Pham Manh Thang
Pham Minh Chinh
Pham Minh Ha
Pham Minh Huan
Pham Ngac
Pham Ngoc Thuong
Pham Quang Dung
Pham Quang Nghi
Pham Quang Ngoc
Pham Quang Tuyen
Pham Quang Vinh
Pham Quoc Anh
Pham Quoc Hung
Pham Quy Ngo
Pham Quy Tieu
Pham Quy Ty
Pham Si Chien
Pham Si Danh
Pham Sy Chung
Pham Sy Danh
Pham Thanh Binh
Pham Thanh Ha
Pham The Minh
Pham Thi Hai Chuyen
Pham Thi Thanh Tra
Pham Tien Dung
Pham Van Dinh
Pham Van Hau
Pham Van Huyen
Pham Van Khanh
Pham Van Phuong
Pham Van Tra
Pham Van Trong
Pham Vu Luan
Pham Xuan Tien
Phan Chi Hieu
Phan Khac Hai
Phan Quang Trung
Phan Tam
Phan Thai Dung
Phan The Rue
Phan Thi My Linh
Phan Thi Thang
Phan Tien Lan
Phan Trung Kien
Phan Van Anh
Phan Van Da
Phan Van Dinh
Phan Van Giang
Phan Van Khai
Phan Van Mai
Phan Van Men
Phan Van Tiem
Phan Van Trong
Phi Dang Minh
Phi Van Tuan
Pho-do-ri-co Gon-xa-let Phran-co
Phung Duc Tien
Phung Khac Ke
Phung Ngoc Hung
Phung Quang Thanh
Phung Xuan Nha
Phuong Huu Oanh
Pierre.S.Pettigrew
Pirapan Salirathavibhaga
Pra-Chuop Chai-Ya-San
Quach Dang Hoa
Rafael Catala Polo
Rafidah Aziz
Rashid Tussupbekov
RAYMOND LIM
Rini M.S. Soewandi
Rizalino S. Navarro
ROBERT PELIKAN
Ryszard Michalski
Saadi Salama
Sergey Lavrov
SOMMAD PHOLSENA
SOPHON ZARAM
Soulivong Daravong
SUSHILKUMAR SHINDE
T. Ariwibowo
Ta Anh Tuan
Ta Ca
Ta Manh Hung
Ta Quang Dong
Ta Quang Khanh
Ta Quang Ngoc
Ta Quoc Trung
Ta Thi Phuong Lan
Tan Sri Abdul Gani Patail
Tang Chi Thuong
Tao Huu Phung
TAUCH CHANKOSAL
Tea Varak
Thai Van Tai
Tharman Shanmugaratnam
Thi Van Tam
Thongbanh Sengaphone
Tibor Navracsics
To Anh Dung
To Lam
To Tu Ha
Tong Anh Hao
Tong Thi Minh
Tong Van Nga
Toshiko Abe
Tran Anh Tuan
Tran Chi Dao
Tran Chi Liem
Tran Chien Thang
Tran Cong Phan
Tran Dai Quang
Tran Dinh Duy
Tran Dinh Hoan
Tran Dinh Khoa
Tran Dinh Lieu
Tran Doan Tho
Tran Duc Lai
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Dung Ha
Tran Duy Dong
Tran Hanh
Tran Hiep Hung
Tran Hong Ha
Tran Lum
Tran Luu Quang
Tran Minh Phuc
Tran Minh Tuan
Tran Ngoc Binh
Tran Ngoc Liem
Tran Ngoc Thien
Tran Quan
Tran Quang Bao
Tran Quang Lam
Tran Quang Quy
Tran Quoc Khanh
Tran Quoc Phuong
Tran Quoc Thang
Tran Quy Kien
Tran Thanh Hai
Tran Thanh Man
Tran Thanh Nam
Tran The Ngoc
Tran Thi Thanh Binh
Tran Thi Thanh Thanh
Tran Thi Trung Chien
Tran Thu
Tran Tien Dung
Tran Tuan Anh
Tran Van Chung
Tran Van Dang
Tran Van Dung
Tran Van Hieu
Tran Van Son
Tran Van Ta
Tran Van Thuan
Tran Van Truyen
Tran Van Tu
Tran Van Tuan
Tran Van Tung
Tran Viet Tan
Tran Viet Thanh
Tran Vinh Tuyen
Tran Xuan Gia
Tran Xuan Ha
Trieu Van Be
Trinh Dinh Dung
Trinh Hong Duong
Trinh Quan Huan
Trinh Thi Thuy
Trinh To Tam
Trinh Xuan Truong
Truong Chi Trung
Truong Chinh
Truong Dinh Tuyen
Truong Hoa Binh
Truong Minh Tuan
Truong Quang Nghia
Truong Quoc Cuong
Truong Tan Sang
Truong Tan Vien
Truong Thanh Hoai
Truong Thi Mai
Truong Van Doan
Truong Vinh Trong
Ts. Hamid Awaludin
TSEND NYAMDORJ
U Khin Maung Win
U Soe Tha
Uong Chu Luu
Van Trong Ly
Vilay LAKHAMPHONG
Vince Henderson
Vitezslav Grepl
Vo Chi Cong
Vo Hong Phuc
Vo Minh Luong
Vo Thai Hoa
Vo Thanh Hung
Vo Tuan Nhan
Vo Van Hoan
Vo Van Hung
Vo Van Kiet
Vo Van Minh
Vo Van Thuong
Vu Bang
Vu Cao Cuong
Vu Chien Thang
Vu Duc Dam
Vu Dung
Vu Hai Quan
Vu Hai San
Vu Hong Khanh
Vu Hong Nam
Vu Hong Thuan
Vu Huy Hoang
Vu Khac Lien
Vu Khoan
Vu Le Quan
Vu Manh Ha
Vu Mong Giao
Vu Ngoc Anh
Vu Thi Lien
Vu Thi Mai
Vu Trong Hong
Vu Tuan Canh
Vu Tuan Cuong
Vu Van Ninh
Vu Van Tam
Vu Van Truong
Vuong Dinh Hue
Vy Trong Toan
Watana Muangsook
Yahya AKKURT
Yeo Cheow Tong
Yoon Young – Kwan
Yoriko Kawaguchi
Yrou Young - Kwan
Yury Nazaranka
Zafar Sh. Ruziev
Zdravko Marie
Zhakyp Assanov
Ziradin Jovanovic
Translation types
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
Summary
Content
Status
Vietnamese
Related documents
Diagram
Download
Bilingual Text
Please
log in
to your
Advanced Package
to view the full text. Do not have an account yet?
Register here
.
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Print
Share:
Text mode:
Light
|
Dark
Font size:
Send link to email
Send
Error message
Decree 10/2022/ND-CP on registration fee
* Required information
Email
*
Content
*
Send
ATTRIBUTE
Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP dated January 15, 2022 of the Government on registration fee
Issuing body:
Government
Effective date:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Official number:
10/2022/ND-CP
Signer:
Le Minh Khai
Type:
Decree
Expiry date:
Updating
Issuing date:
15/01/2022
Effect status:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Fields:
Tax - Fee - Charge
SUMMARY
Registration fee rate applicable to battery electric cars is 0% within 3 years from March 01, 2022
This is a highlight content in the Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP on registration fee promulgated by the Government on January 15, 2022.
Specifically, to add the registration fee rates (%) applicable to battery electric cars as follows: Within 3 years from March 01, 2022, the first-time registration fee rate is 0%; within the subsequent 2 years, the first-time registration fee rate shall be equal to 50% of the rate applicable to cars operated by gasoline or diesel with the same number of seats.
Also in accordance with this Decree, registration fee rates (%) for many types of properties will remain at current levels. For ships, including badges, motor boats, tug ships, push ships, submarines, submersibles; boats, including yachts; aircraft, the rate is 1%. For hunting rifles and guns used to exercise and play sports; land and houses; motorcycles, the rates shall be 2%, 0.5% and 2%, respectively.
Besides, the General Department of Taxation shall digitally sign electronic data on registration fee payment via the State Treasury, commercial banks or intermediary payment service-providing organizations and post such data on the National Public Service Portal. Such data may be used instead of paper documents for traffic police agencies, natural resources and environment agencies and other competent state agencies to access and exploit for handling administrative procedures related to registration of property ownership or use rights.
The Decree takes effect on March 01, 2022.
For more details,
click here.
Download files
here.
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
Effect status:
Known
The Effect status of this document is known.This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to view Effect status. Don’t have an account?
Register here
THE
GOVERNM
ENT
THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Independence - Freedom - Happiness
No. 10/2022/ND-CP
Hanoi, January 15, 2022
DECREE
On registration fee
[1]
Pursuant to the June 19, 2015 Law on Organization of the Government; and the November 22, 2019 Law Amending and Supplementing a Number of Articles of the Law on Organization of the Government and the Law on Organization of Local Administration;
Pursuant to the November 25, 2015 Law on Charges and Fees;
Pursuant to the June 13, 2019 Law on Tax Administration;
At the proposal of the Minister of Finance;
The Government promulgates the Decree on registration fee.
Chapter I
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Article 1.
Scope of regulation
This Decree provides for objects liable to registration fee, registration fee payers, registration fee calculation bases, owing of registration fee, registration fee exemption, and registration fee declaration, payment and management.
Article 2.
Subjects of application
1. Registration fee payers.
2. Tax offices.
3. Other related agencies, organizations and individuals.
Article 3.
Objects liable to registration fee
1. Houses, land.
2. Hunting rifles; guns used for sports training and competition.
3. Vessels as defined in the law on inland waterway navigation and maritime law (below referred to as watercraft), including also barges, canoes, tugboats, pushers, submarines, and submersibles; except floating docks, floating storage units and mobile platforms.
4. Boats, including also yachts.
5. Aircraft.
6. Motorbikes, three-wheeled motorcycles, mopeds and other vehicles similar to motorcycles and mopeds which must be registered and bear number plates granted by competent state agencies (below referred collectively to as motorcycles).
7. Automobiles, trailers or semi-trailers towed by automobiles, vehicles similar to automobiles which must be registered and bear number plates granted by competent state agencies.
8. Body shells, chassis, engines and blocks of the property specified in Clauses 3 thru 7 of this Article, which are replaced and must be registered with competent state agencies.
The Ministry of Finance shall detail this Article.
Article 4.
Registration fee payers
Organizations and individuals that have property liable to registration fee specified in Article 3 of this Decree shall pay registration fee when registering ownership and use rights of such property with competent state agencies, except objects eligible for registration fee exemption specified in Article 10 of this Decree.
Article 5.
Application of treaties
In case a treaty to which the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is a contracting party contains provisions different from those of this Decree, the provisions of such treaty shall prevail.
Chapter II
REGISTRATION FEE CALCULATION BASES
Article 6.
Registration fee calculation bases
Bases for calculation of registration fee are registration fee calculation price and registration fee collection rate in percentage (%).
Article 7.
Registration fee calculation prices
1. The registration fee calculation price of houses and land:
a/ The registration fee calculation price of land is the land price in the land price table issued by the provincial-level People’s Committee in accordance with the land law at the time of registration fee declaration.
For land leased from the State in the form of one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease term, if the land lease term is shorter than the validity period of the price of that type of land specified in the land price table issued by the provincial-level People’s Committee, the land price of the land lease term used for registration fee calculation shall be determined as follows:
Land price of the land lease term used for registration fee calculation
=
Land price specified in the land price table
x
Land lease term
70 years
b/ The registration fee calculation price of houses is the price set by the provincial-level People’s Committee in accordance with the construction law at the time of registration fee declaration.
c/ The registration fee calculation price of houses and land in some special cases:
- The registration fee calculation price of a state-owned house sold to its current tenant in accordance with the law on sale of state-owned houses, inclusive of land under such house, is the actual selling price stated in the decision of the provincial-level People’s Committee.
- The registration fee calculation price of a house or land plot purchased through auction or bidding in accordance with the auction or bidding law is the actual winning bid stated in the invoice or document in accordance with law or the actual winning bid according to the auction or bidding record or according to the document approving the auction or bidding results (if any) of a competent state agency.
- The registration fee calculation price of multi-owner multi-storied houses and condominiums is inclusive of the allocated land value. The allocated land value shall be determined as equaling the land price in the land price table issued by the provincial-level People’s Committee multiplied by the allocation coefficient. The allocation coefficient shall be determined under the Government’s Decree No. 53/2011/ND-CP of July 1, 2011, detailing and guiding the implementation of a number of articles of the Law on Non-Agricultural Land Use Tax and documents replacing, amending or supplementing such Decree (if any).
d/ In case the price of a house or land plot stated in the house purchase and sale contract or land use rights transfer contract is higher than the price set by the provincial-level People’s Committee, the registration fee calculation price of such house or land plot shall be the price stated in the house purchase and sale contract or land use rights transfer contract.
2. The registration fee calculation price of hunting rifles, guns used for sports training and competition, and watercraft, including also barges, canoes, tugboats, pushers, submarines, submersibles and boats, including also yachts, and aircraft specified in Clauses 2 thru 5, Article 3 of this Decree; body shells, chassis, engines and blocks of the property specified in Clauses 3 thru 7, Article 3 of this Decree; and trailers or semi-trailers towed by automobiles, special-use automobiles or special-use motorcycles, the registration fee calculation price is the transfer price of such property in the market.
The transfer price of property in the market shall be determined based on:
- For property purchased and sold domestically, the price stated in lawful sale invoices and documents as provided by the law on invoices and documents, inclusive of value-added tax (if any).
- For domestically produced property, the price stated in the notice of the manufacturer.
- For property that registration fee payers produce or manufacture by themselves or hire others to produce or manufacture for them, the selling price of property of the same or equivalent type, inclusive of excise tax (if any) and value-added tax (if any). In case it is impossible to determine the selling price of property of the same or equivalent type, the registration fee calculation price is the production cost, plus (+) excise tax (if any), plus (+) value-added tax (if any).
- For imported property (including also imported used property), the import duty calculation value as defined in the customs law, plus (+) import duty (if any), plus (+) excise tax (if any), plus (+) value-added tax (if any); or the price stated in the notice of the authorized importer on behalf of the foreign manufacturer or assembler. For those exempt from import duty under regulations, the registration fee calculation price is inclusive of the exempted import duty.
- The registration fee calculation price on tax offices’ property registration management app; the selling price of property of the same or equivalent type, inclusive of excise tax (if any) and value-added tax (if any).
3. The registration fee calculation price of automobiles, vehicles similar to automobiles (below collectively referred to as automobiles) and motorcycles specified in Clauses 6 and 7, Article 3 of this Decree (except trailers or semi-trailers towed by automobiles, special-use automobiles, and special-use motorcycles) is the price specified in the Decision on the registration fee calculation price table issued by the Ministry of Finance.
a/ The registration fee calculation price in the registration fee calculation price table shall be determined on the principle of ensuring compatibility with the transfer price of property on the market at the time of formulation of the registration fee price table.
The transfer price on the market of each type of automobile or motorcycle (for automobiles and motorcycles, it depends on vehicle type; for trucks, country of manufacture, brand and authorized pay load; for passenger cars, country of manufacture, brand and permissible number of passengers, including the driver) shall be determined based on the data specified in Clause 2 of this Article.
b/ For automobiles and motorcycles of new types not yet listed in the registration fee calculation price table at the time of submission of the registration fee declaration, tax offices shall base themselves on the data specified in Clause 2 of this Article to decide on the registration fee calculation price of each new type of automobile or motorcycle (for automobiles and motorcycles, it depends on vehicle type; for trucks, country of manufacture, brand and authorized pay load; for passenger cars, country of manufacture, brand, and permissible number of passengers, including the driver).
c/ For automobiles and motorcycles of new types not yet listed in the registration fee calculation price table or automobiles or motorcycles already listed in the registration fee calculation price table but the transfer price on the market increases or decreases by 5% or more compared to the price listed in the registration fee calculation price table, provincial-level Tax Departments shall summarize and report thereon to the Ministry of Finance before the 5
th
of the last month of every quarter.
The Ministry of Finance shall issue a decision on adjusted and supplemented registration fee calculation price table before the 25
th
of the last month of every quarter for application from the first day of the following quarter. The adjusted and additional registration fee calculation price table shall be promulgated under regulations on promulgation of the registration fee calculation price table at Point a of this Clause or based on the average of the registration fee calculation prices of local tax offices.
4. The registration fee calculation price of used property (except houses and land; imported used property; and used property under entire-people ownership sold to organizations and individuals) is the residual value calculated according to their use duration.
For used automobiles and motorcycles, the registration fee calculation price is the residual value of the brand-new automobiles or motorcycles in the registration fee calculation price table (for automobiles and motorcycles, it depends on vehicle type; for trucks, country of manufacture, brand and authorized pay load; for passenger cars, country of manufacture, brand and permissible number of passengers, including the driver). If the registration fee calculation price of new automobiles and motorcycles of a type is not included in the registration fee calculation price list, the registration fee calculation price of used automobiles or motorcycles of that type is the residual value of automobiles or motorcycles of the similar type of which the registration fee calculation price has been included in the registration fee calculation price table.
5. The registration fee calculation price of property purchased by installment payment is the one-off price (exclusive of installment interest) determined under Clauses 1 thru 4 of this Article, inclusive of import duty (if any), excise tax (if any), and value-added tax (if any).
6. The registration fee calculation price of property under entire-people ownership sold to registration fee payers is the price stated in property sale invoices in accordance with the law on management and use of public property.
The Ministry of Finance shall detail this Article.
Article 8.
Registration fee rates (%)
1. House, land: 0.5%.
2. Hunting rifles; guns for sports training and competition: 2%.
3. Watercraft, including also barges, canoes, tugboats, pushers, submarines and submersibles; boats, including also yachts; aircraft: 1%.
4. Motorcycles: 2%
Particularly:
a/ For motorcycles of organizations and individuals in centrally run cities; provincial cities; and towns where provincial-level People’s Committees are headquartered, the first-time registration fee rate is 5%.
b/ For motorcycles, from the second time of registration fee payment onward, the registration fee rate is 1%. In case owners have declared and paid registration fee at the rate of 2% and then transferred their motorcycles to organizations or individuals in the areas specified at Point a of this Clause, registration fee shall be paid at the rate of 5%.
5. For automobiles, trailers or semi-trailers towed by automobiles or vehicles similar to automobiles: 2%.
Particularly:
a/ Passenger cars with up to 9 seats (including also pick-up cars): The fee rate for first-time registration is 10%. When necessary to apply a higher fee rate to suit the actual conditions in each locality, provincial-level People’s Councils shall decide to increase the registration fee rate by up to 50% of the rate specified at this Point.
b/ For pick-up trucks of an authorized pay load of under 950 kg and with up to 5 seats, and vans of an authorized pay load of under 950 kg, the fee rate for first-time registration is equal to 60% of the first-time registration fee rate applicable to passenger cars with up to 9 seats.
c/ For battery-powered electric automobiles:
- For 3 years from the effective date of this Decree: The first-time registration fee is 0%.
- For subsequent 2 years: The first-time registration fee is equal to 50% of the fee rate applicable to for petrol- or diesel-fueled automobiles with the same number of seats.
d/ For the automobiles specified at Points a, b and c of this Clause: From the second time of registration fee payment onward, the registration fee rate of 2% shall be applied nationwide.
Based on the vehicle type stated in certificates of quality, technical safety and environmental protection issued by a Vietnam register office, tax offices shall determine the registration fee rate applicable to automobiles, trailers or semi-trailers towed by automobiles or vehicles similar to automobile under this Clause.
6. For body shells, chassis, engines and blocks specified in Clause 8, Article 3 of this Decree that are replaced and must be registered with competent state agencies, the registration fee shall be paid at the rate prescribed for each type of property.
7. In case organizations and individuals that have been exempted from or not required to pay registration fee upon first-time registration of ownership of automobiles or motorcycles transfer such automobiles or motorcycles to other organizations or individuals ineligible for registration fee exemption or repurpose such automobiles or motorcycles and become ineligible for registration fee exemption, the organizations and individuals that register the ownership of the automobiles or motorcycles shall pay the registration fee at the rate applicable to first-time registration based on the residual value of such property.
8. In case automobiles and motorcycles under the entire-people ownership are transferred to organizations and individuals in accordance with law, if the ownership of such automobiles or motorcycles has been previously registered, when registering their ownership of such automobiles or motorcycles, the transferees shall pay registration fee at the rate applicable to registration from the second time onward.
In case automobiles and motorcycles under the entire-people ownership are transferred to organizations and individuals in accordance with law, if the ownership of such automobiles or motorcycles has not yet been registered or if there are no ground to determine whether or not the ownership of such automobiles or motorcycles has been registered, when registering their ownership of such automobiles or motorcycles, the transferees shall pay registration fee at the rate applicable to first-time registration.
The registration fee for the property specified in this Article is limited to a maximum amount of VND 500 million/property/time of registration, except passenger cars with up to 9 seats, aircraft and yachts.
The Ministry of Finance shall detail this Article.
Chapter III
OWING OF AND EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION FEE
Article 9.
Owing of registration fee
1. Households and individuals entitled to owe land use levy under the land law’s provisions on collection of land use levy may owe registration fee for land and houses attached to land. When paying registration fee, households and individuals shall pay registration fee based on the house and land prices set by provincial-level People’s Committees and applied at the time of registration fee declaration.
2. In case a household or an individual entitled to owe registration fee under Clause 1 of this Article transfers, swaps or gives as gift the house ownership or land use rights to another organization or individual (except cases of giving houses and land as gift between the subjects specified in Clause 10, Article 10 of this Decree), it/he/she shall fully pay the registration fee arrears before making transferring, swapping or giving it as gift.
3. Procedures for owing registration fee:
a/ Households or individuals entitled to owe registration fee for houses or land specified in Clause 1 of this Article shall make registration fee declaration and submit registration fee declaration dossiers in accordance with the law on tax administration.
b/ Agencies competent to grant land use rights and house and land-attached property ownership certificates shall check the dossiers and, if ascertaining that the applicants are entitled to owe registration fee for houses or land under Clause 1 of this Article, write the phrase “Registration fee owed” in land use rights and house and land-attached property ownership certificates before handing such certificates to house owners or land users.
c/ When receiving a dossier of request for completion of procedures for transfer, swap or giving as gift of house ownership or land use rights from a household or an individual that still owes registration fee, the agency competent to grant land use rights and house and land-attached property ownership certificates shall forward such dossier together with a “sheet on forwarding information for determination of financial obligations” to the tax office for the latter to calculate and request the household or individual to full pay the registration fee arrears before carrying out procedures for transfer, swap or giving as gift of house ownership or land use rights.
Article 10.
Exemption from registration fee
1. Houses and land under offices of foreign diplomatic missions, consulates, or representative offices of international organizations within the United Nations system and houses of heads of foreign diplomatic missions, consulates or representative offices of international organizations within the United Nations system in Vietnam.
2. Property (excluding houses and land) of the following foreign organizations and individuals:
a/ Diplomatic missions, consulates, and representative offices of international organizations within the United Nations system.
b/ Diplomats, consuls, administrative and technical staffs of diplomatic missions and consulates, members of representative offices of international organizations within the United Nations system and their family members who are not Vietnamese citizens or do not permanently reside in Vietnam and have diplomatic or official identity cards granted by the Vietnamese Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
c/ Foreign organizations and individuals other than those specified at Points a and b of this Clause who are exempted from or not liable to registration fee under international commitments to which the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is a contracting party.
3. Land allocated or leased by the State in the form of one-off payment of land rental for the entire lease term for use for the following purposes:
a/ Public interests in accordance with the land law.
b/ Mineral exploration and exploitation; scientific research under licenses or certificates granted by competent state agencies.
c/ Construction of infrastructure facilities (on land inside or outside industrial parks or export processing zones); construction of houses for transfer, including cases in which the transferees further build infrastructure facilities or houses for transfer. In these cases, if the transferees register the ownership or use rights of houses or land for lease or use by themselves, they shall pay registration fee.
4. Land allocated, leased or recognized by the State for agricultural production, forestry, aquaculture or salt making.
5. Agricultural land with use rights swapped among households and individuals in a commune, ward or township to facilitate agricultural production in accordance with the Land Law.
6. Agricultural land reclaimed by households and individuals in conformity with land use master plans approved by competent state agencies, which are dispute-free and have land use rights certificates granted by competent state agencies.
7. Land rented from the State with annual payment of land rentals or from organizations or individuals that have lawful land use rights.
8. Houses and land used for community activities of religious or belief organizations recognized or licensed for operation by the State.
9. Land for cemeteries and graveyards.
10. Houses and land inherited or given as gift between spouses; between natural parent and natural child; adoptive parent and adopted child; parent-in-law and daughter-in-law or son-in-law; paternal grandparent and grandchild; maternal grandparent and grandchild or between siblings, for which land use rights and house and land-attached property ownership certificates have been granted by competent state agencies.
11. Houses created by households and individuals in the form of development of individual houses in accordance with the housing law.
12. Property for financial leasing of which ownership is transferred to the lessees upon expiration of the lease term through transfer or sale, for which the lessees are not exempt from registration fee; in case a financial leasing company purchases property from a unit that has paid registration fee for such property then leases such property to that very unit, the financial leasing company is not required to pay registration fee.
13. Houses, land, special property, special-use property and property for specialized management work serving national defense and security.
14. Houses and land that are public property and used as head offices of state agencies, people’s armed forces units, public non-business units, political organizations, socio-political organizations, socio-political-professional organizations, social organizations or socio-professional organizations.
15. Houses and land allocated for compensation or resettlement purposes (including also houses and land purchased with compensation money) to those subject to house or land recovery by the State in accordance with law.
The registration fee exemption specified in this Clause shall apply to subjects whose houses and land are recovered.
16. Property of organizations and individuals for which ownership and use rights certificates have been granted and which are now re-registered may be exempted from registration fee in the following cases:
a/ Property with ownership or use rights certificates granted by competent agencies of the State of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam, the Provisional Revolutionary Government of the Republic of South Vietnam or the State of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam or competent agencies of the former regime, which are now renewed without changing the owner;
b/ Property of state enterprises or public non-business units equitized into joint-stock companies or otherwise reorganized in accordance with law.
c/ Property with co-ownership or co-use rights certificates granted to households or household members which is now divided among household members for re-registration in accordance with law; common property of husband and wife after they get married; property divided to husband and wife after they divorce under a legally effective court judgment or ruling.
d/ Property of organizations or individuals for which ownership and use rights certificates have been granted and which are now re-granted because such certificates are lost, torn, smeared, blurred or damaged. Organizations and individuals are not required to declare and carry out procedures for exemption from registration fee when having their ownership or use rights certificates re-granted by competent state agencies.
dd/ Upon re-grant of land use rights certificates, if the land area increases while its boundaries remain unchanged, the increased land area shall be exempt from registration fee;
e/ Organization and individuals that are allocated land by the State and have been granted land use rights certificates and shift to rent land with one-off payment of land rentals in accordance with the Land Law from the effective date of this Decree.
g/ Land use rights are re-registered upon re-purposing of land under the State’s permission without changing the holder of land use rights and falling into cases liable to land use levy upon re-purposing of land in accordance with the law on the collection of land use levy.
17. Property of organizations or individuals for which registration fee has been paid (except cases eligible for registration fee exemption) and which are transferred to other organizations or individuals shall be exempted from registration fee upon ownership or use rights registration in the following cases:
a/ Organizations, individuals or cooperative members contribute their property as capital to enterprises, credit institutions or cooperatives; enterprises, credit institutions or cooperatives dissolve or divide or withdraw property for organizations, individuals or members that have contributed such property as capital.
b/ Property of enterprises that are internally transferred, or property of administrative non-business agencies or units that are internally transferred under decisions of competent authorities.
18. Property of organizations or individuals for which registration fee has been paid and which are divided or contributed due to the division, splitting, consolidation, merger or renaming of organizations under decisions of competent agencies.
19. Property of organizations or individuals for which registration fee has been paid and which are brought to localities where they are used without changing their owners.
20. Houses of gratitude, houses of great unity, houses received as humanitarian aid, including land under there houses, which are registered for ownership under the names of recipients.
21. Fire-engines, ambulances, X-ray automobiles, rescue vehicles  (including also lorries and car carriers), garbage trucks, water trucks, street-cleaning vehicles, road sweepers, dumpers and dust cleaners, septic trucks, and automobiles used exclusively for invalids, diseased soldiers or people with disabilities registered for ownership under the names of such invalids, diseased soldiers or people with disabilities.
22. Aircraft used for commercial cargo and passenger transportation.
23. Fishing ships and boats (including capture vessels and supporting capture vessels); hulls, engines and blocks of fishing ships and boats that are replaced and required to be registered with competent state agencies.
24. Body shells, chassis, engines and blocks specified in Clause 8, Article 3 of this Decree that are replaced and required to be registered during the warranty period.
25. Workshops of production establishments; warehouses, refectories and parking lots of production and business establishments. Workshops specified in this Clause shall be determined in accordance with the law on grading of construction works.
26. Houses and residential land of poor households; houses and residential land of ethnic minority people in communes, wards and townships in difficulty-hit regions and the Central Highlands; houses and residential land of households and individuals in communes covered by the program on socio-economic development in special difficulty-hit, mountainous, deep-lying and remote communes.
27. Watercraft and boats without motor and with a gross tonnage of up to 15 tons; watercraft and boats with motor and total main engine capacity of up to 15 horse power; watercraft and boats with a carrying capacity of up to 12 passengers; high-speed passenger ships, rubbish collection ships and container watercraft and boats.
The above-mentioned vessels shall be determined in accordance with the law on inland waterway navigation and guiding documents (including hulls, complete frames, engines and blocks that are installed to replace those of such vessels).
28. Houses and land of socialized establishments operating in the fields of education and training, vocational training, health, culture, physical training and sports, and environment, that register land use rights or house ownership to serve these activities.
29. Houses and land of non-public establishments that register land use rights or house ownership to serve activities in the fields of education and training, health, culture, physical training and sports, science and technology, environment, social issues, population, family and child protection and care in accordance with law, except the cases specified in Clause 28 of this Article.
30. Houses and land of science and technology enterprises that register land use rights or house ownership in accordance with law.
31. Clean energy-powered mass transit buses.
The Ministry of Finance shall detail this Article.
Chapter IV
DECLARATION, PAYMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF REGISTRATION FEE
Article 11.
Declaration and payment of registration fee
1. Organizations and individuals shall declare and pay registration fee in accordance with the law on tax administration when registering property ownership or use rights with competent state agencies.
2. Electronic data on registration fee payment via the State Treasury, commercial banks or intermediary payment service-providing organizations shall be digitally signed by the General Department of Taxation and posted on the National Public Service Portal and  have the same validity as paper documents so that traffic police agencies, natural resources and environment agencies and other competent state agencies that are connected with the National Public Service Portal may access and exploit them serving the performance of administrative procedures related to property ownership or use rights registration.
Article 12.
Management of registration fee
Registration fee-collecting agencies shall remit 100% of collected fee amounts into the state budget in accordance with law.
Chapter V
ORGANIZATION OF IMPLEMENTATION
Article 13.
Implementation responsibility
1. The Ministry of Finance shall:
a/ Formulate and promulgate decisions issuing the registration fee calculation price table and revised and supplemented registration fee calculation price table and detailing the contents assigned in this Decree.
b/ Review and evaluate the results of implementation and propose amendments to registrations on the registration fee rate applicable to battery-powered electric cars 6 months before the end of the period of application of the registration fee rate specified at Point c, Clause 5, Article 8 of this Decree.
2. The Ministry of Transport, Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment, Ministry of Construction and Ministry of Public Security and other competent state agencies shall:
a/ Build  a data connection and sharing system, direct related organizations to access and exploit electronic data on registration fee payment on the National Public Service Portal to carry out property registration-related administrative procedures.
b/ Connect and share data on property liable to registration fee according to information items specified in the registration fee declaration form promulgated by the Ministry of Finance and under regulations on electronic connection.
3. The Ministry of Transport (the Vietnam Register) shall classify means of transport as a basis for the collection of registration fee under regulations.
4. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall:
a/ Promulgate the table of registration fee calculation prices for houses for use as a basis  for registration fee calculation in accordance with this Decree.
b/ Submit to provincial-level People’s Councils for decision the registration fee rate applicable to cars with 9 seats or less in their localities under at Point a, Clause 5, Article 8 of this Decree.
5. Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies, heads of government-attached agencies, chairpersons of provincial-level People’s Committees and related organizations and individuals shall implement this Decree.
Article 14.
Implementation provisions
1. This Decree takes effect on March 1, 2022.
2. Since the effective date of this Decree:
a/ The current registration fee rates applicable to passenger cars with 9 seats or less and registration fee calculation prices of houses, automobiles and motorcycles set by provincial-level People’s Councils and People’s Committees and the Ministry of Finance shall be further applied until provincial-level People’s Councils promulgate new registration fee rates applicable to passenger cars with 9 seats or less, provincial-level People’s Committees promulgate tables of registration fee calculation prices for houses and the Ministry of Finance promulgates the table of registration fee calculation prices for automobiles and motorcycles in accordance with this Decree.
b/ The registration fee rate for battery-powered electric cars must comply with this Decree.
c/ The registration fee rates applicable to domestically manufactured and assembled automobiles, trailers or semi-trailers pulled by automobiles and vehicles similar to automobiles shall comply with the Government’s Decree No. 103/2021/ND-CP of November 26, 2021, prescribing registration fee rates for domestically manufactured and assembled automobiles, trailers or semi-trailers pulled by automobiles and vehicles similar to automobiles through May 31, 2022.
3. This Decree annuls:
a/ The Government’s Decree No. 140/2016/ND-CP of October 10, 2016, on registration fee.
b/ The Government’s Decree No. 20/2019/ND-CP of February 21, 2019, amending and supplementing a number of articles of the Government’s Decree No. 140/2016/ND-CP of October 10, 2016, on registration fee.-
On behalf of the Government
For the Prime Minister
Deputy Prime Minister
LE MINH KHAI
[1]
Công Báo Nos 163-164 (28/01/2022)
This feature is available to
English
or
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Processing, please wait...
You are not logged in.
This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to access detailed information on Related documents.
If you do not have an account, please
register here!
Processing, please wait...
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
VIETNAMESE DOCUMENTS
Decree 10/2022/NĐ-CP PDF (Original)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Decree 10/2022/NĐ-CP (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
ENGLISH DOCUMENTS
Official Gazette
Decree 10/2022/NĐ-CP (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Decree 10/2022/NĐ-CP (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
LuatVietnam's translation
Decree 10/2022/NĐ-CP (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Decree 10/2022/NĐ-CP (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
* Note:
To view documents downloaded from LuatVietnam.vn, please install DOC, DOCX and PDF file readers
For further support, please call
19006192
Log in
Register
Remember
Forgot password
Log in
Or log in via
* Required information
Username
Email
*
Password
*
Confirm Password
*
I agree to the
Terms & Conditions
and
Personal Data Protection Policy
of LuatVietnam
Register
Forgot password
Enter your account name to recover your password.
Send
Select folder
+ Add folder
Save
Back
Add folder
Bilingual Text
Nội dung tham chiếu