URL: https://english.luatvietnam.vn/circular-no-13-2022-tt-btc-dated-february-28-2022-of-the-ministry-of-finance-detailing-a-number-of-articles-of-the-governments-decree-no-10-2022-n-217539-doc1.html
Title: Circular 13/2022/TT-BTC on registration fee
Downloaded: 2026-07-21 11:35:13
Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8
================================================================================

Circular 13/2022/TT-BTC on registration fee
Home
Legal Normative Documents
New documents
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
News
Services
Available translation
On-demand translation
Vietnamese
Home
Legal Normative Documents
Tax - Fee - Charge
Search
Advanced Search
Advanced search for legal documents
Filter by
Reset
Types of documents
Law
Ordinance
Decree
Decision
Circular
Joint Circular
Resolution
Directive
Official Dispatch
Regulation
Instruction
Notice
Order
Official Telegram
Plan
Report
Code
Consolidated Text
Convention
Agreement
Treaty
Protocol
Agreement
Treaty
Issuing bodies
Committee for Physical Trainning and Sports
Committee for Population, Family and Children
Council of Ministers
Department of Hanoi public health care
General Department of Customs
General Department of Forestry
General Department of Land Administration
General Department of Post and Telecommunications
General Department of Statistics
General Department of Taxation
General Department of Tourism
Government
Government Commission for Organizational Personnel
Government Committee for Prices
Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
Ministry of Aquatic Products
Ministry of Construction
Ministry of Culture - Information
Ministry of Culture and Information
Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism
Ministry of Education and Training
Ministry of Finance
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Health
Ministry of Home Affairs
Ministry of Industry
Ministry of Industry and Trade
Ministry of Information and Communications
Ministry of Justice
Ministry of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs
Ministry of National Defence
Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment
Ministry of Planning and Investment
Ministry of Post and Telecommunications
Ministry of Public Security
Ministry of Science and Technology
Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment
Ministry of Trade
Ministry of Transport
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
National Assembly Standing Committee
National Committee for International Economic Co-operation
National Committee for Population and Family Planning
Office of the Government
Office of the National Assembly
People' Committee of Ho Chi Minh City
People's Committee of Hanoi
People's Supereme Court
People's Supereme Procuracy
Political Bureau
Prime Minister
Socialist Republic of Vietnam
State Bank
State Bank of Vietnam
State Committee for Co-operation and Investment (SCCI)
State Committee for Ethnic Minorities and Mountainous Areas
State Committee for Planning
State Council
State Securities Commission
The Ethnic Minority Committee
The Judges's Council of the Supreme People's Court
The President
Vietnam Labor General Confederation
Vietnam Social Security
Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee
All fields
Culture - Sports - Tourism
Information - Communications
Agriculture - Forestry
Natural Resources - Environment
Justice
Criminal
Civil law
Marriage and family
Electricity
Bidding - Competition
Appeal - Accuse
Press - Television
Insurance
Emulation - Commendation - Discipline
Administrative border
Commerce - Advertising
Food and drug
Saving - Anti-corruption
National Security
Cadres - Civil Servants
Residence - Population
Immigration
Accounting - Audit
Securities
Navigation
Aquatic products
National defence
Intellectual property
Transport
Administration
Administrative violation
Policy
Enterprise
Organizational structure
Others
Customs
Construction
Science - Technology
Industry
Foreign affairs
Health
Public order
Labor - Salary
Export - Import
Education - Training - Vocational training
Tax - Fee - Charge
Land - Housing
Finance - Banking
Investment
Effect status
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Signers
Abdellatif Ouahbi
Abdelwaheb Abdallah
Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdullah Ali Abdullah Al Yahaya
Abdullah bin Sultan bin Awad Al Nuaimi
Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan
Adisai Bodharamik
Alastair Goodlad
Amaret Sila_on
Amnuay Viravan
Andre Ouellet
Andrew S.Natsisos
Ang Vong Vathana
Anna Lindstedt
Arifin M. Siregar
Au Anh Tuan
B.G (NS) George Yong-Boon Yeo
Bac-ba-ra Su-ma-nop-xka
Bach Thi Minh Huyen
Banh Tien Long
Battsetseg Batmunkh
Be-a-ta Xo-ten-mac
Berkesi Laszlos
Bernard K.Mambe
Bhuvesh Chaturvedi
Brain Cowen
Bui Anh Tuan
Bui Ba Bong
Bui Cach Tuyen
Bui Hong Linh
Bui Hong Minh
Bui Huu Toan
Bui Manh Cuong
Bui Manh Hai
Bui Nguyen Long
Bui Pham Khanh
Bui Quang Vinh
Bui Thanh Son
Bui The Duy
Bui Thi Quynh Van
Bui Thien Ngo
Bui Van Cuong
Bui Van Ga
Bui Van Khang
Bui Van Nam
Bui Van Suong
Bui Xuan Cuong
Bui Xuan Dung
Bui Xuan Khu
Bui Xuan Minh
Bui Xuan Son
Cao Anh Tuan
Cao Duc Phat
Cao Lai Quang
Cao Minh Quang
Cao Quoc Hung
Cao Si Kiem
Cao Viet Sinh
Caryn R. McClelland
Cear V.Purisma
Cecilia Piccioni
Cham Nimul
Cham Pradidh
Cham Prasidh
Chan Sek Keong
Charlotte Laursen
Chau Hue Cam
Chou Vichith
Chu Hao
Chu Ngoc Anh
Chu Pham Ngoc Hien
Chu Tuan Cap
Chu Tuan Nha
Chu Van Nguyen
Chu Van Thinh
Chu Xuan Dung
Commodore(Ns) Teo Chee Hean
Cristian Barros
Cu Ngoc Oanh
Dam Huu Dac
Dam Thi Hoa
Dang cap nhat
Dang Dinh Lam
Dang Dinh Luu
Dang Hanh Thu
Dang Hoang An
Dang Hong Nam
Dang Hung Vo
Dang Huu
Dang Huy Dong
Dang Huynh Mai
Dang Nghiem Chinh
Dang Ngoc Minh
Dang Ngoc Tung
Dang Nhu Loi
Dang Quang Phuong
Dang Quoc Tien
Dang Son Tung
Dang Thanh Binh
Dang Thi Bich Lien
Dang Thi Binh An
Dang Van Tao
Dang Van Tin
Dang Vu Chu
Daniel Tomlinson
Dao Dinh Binh
Dao Hong Lan
Dao Minh Tu
Dao Ngoc Dung
Dao Xuan Hoc
Da-So-Gan-Bon-Do
Dato’ Seri Paduka Haji Kifrawi
DATO’ SRI ONG TEE KEAT
Dick Kling
Diep Kinh Tan
Diep Kinh Tan
Dinh Anh Tuan
Dinh Huu Phi
Dinh La Thang
Dinh Ngoc Thang
Dinh Quang Ngu
Dinh Tien Dung
Dinh Trung Tung
Dinh Van Nha
Dinh Viet Son
Dlamini Zuma
Do Duc Duy
Do Duc Tien
Do Hai Dung
Do Hoang Anh Tuan
Do Huu Hao
Do Ngoc Huynh
Do Nguyen Phuong
Do Nhu Dinh
Do Quang Trung
Do Que Luong
Do Qui Doan
Do Quoc Sam
Do Quy Doan
Do Quy Doan
Do Thang Hai
Do Thanh Binh
Do Thi Xuan Phuong
Do Trung Ta
Do Van Dong
Do Van Sinh
Do Xuan Tuyen
Doan Hoang Minh
Doan Hong Phong
Doan Manh Giao
Doan Mau Diep
Doan Thai Son
Doan Van Viet
Doan Xuan Hung
Doan Xuan Toan
Duong Anh Duc
Duong Duc Tuan
Duong Gia Trien
Duong Quoc Anh
Duong Thu Huong
Duong Tri Dung
Ephraim Ben Matityau
Erik Derycke
Evgeny Shestakov
George Vella
Gia Tan Dinh
Giang Seo Phu
H. A.F.M.O van Mierlo
Ha Cong Tuan
Ha Hung
Ha Hung Cuong
Haike Manning
Hans Winkler
Hirofumi Nakasone
Ho Anh Tuan
Ho Dieu Bang
Ho Duc Phoc
Ho Huan Nghiem
Ho Nghia Dung
Ho Quoc Dung
Ho Te
Ho Thi Kim Thoa
Ho Xuan Hung
Hoang Cong Dung
Hoang Manh Hien
Hoang Minh Duc
Hoang Minh Hao
Hoang Minh Son
Hoang Minh Tuan Anh
Hoang Nghia Mai
Hoang Quoc Vuong
Hoang Quy
Hoang Sy Thanh
Hoang The Lien
Hoang Thi Ha Giang
Hoang Thi Tuyet Hoa
Hoang Trung
Hoang Trung Hai
Hoang Tuan Anh
Hoang Van Huay
Hoang Van Nghien
Hoang Van Phong
Hoang Van Thang
Hoang Viet Cuong
Hoang Vu Thanh
Hon. Robert Debus
HOR Namhong
Hu Cha-Chi
Hua Duc Nhi
Huynh Huu Phuc
Huynh Ngoc Thanh
Huynh Phong Tranh
Huynh Quang Hai
Huynh Thi Nhan
Huynh Vinh Ai
Jack Straw
Jan Vapaavuori
Joaquim Verissimo
John C Tsang
John Sydney Dawkins
Joseisidro N.Camacho
JUSMAN SYAFII DJAMAL
Kham Ouane Boupha
Khong co
Khuat Van Nga
KRASIMIR TSIPOV
Kwon Jong-rak
La Ngoc Khue
Lai Quang Thuc
Lam Thi Phuong Thanh
LASZLO TROCSANYI
Le Anh Tuan
Le Bach Hong
Le Chiem
Le Cong Phung
Le Cong Thanh
Le Danh Vinh
Le Dinh Tho
Le Dinh Tien
Le Doan Hop
Le Duc Anh
Le Duc Luan
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duong Quang
Le Duy Dong
Le Hoa Binh
Le Hoai Trung
Le Hong Anh
Le Hong Hai
Le Hong Nam
Le Hong Nga
Le Hong Son
Le Hung Son
Le Huy Con
Le Huy Ngo
Le Huy Vinh
Le Manh Hung
Le Minh Hoan
Le Minh Hung
Le Minh Huong
Le Minh Khai
Le Minh Ngan
Le Minh Tri
Le Nam Thang
Le Ngoc Hoan
Le Ngoc Trong
Le Quan
Le Quang Cuong
Le Quang Hung
Le Quang Tung
Le Quoc Doanh
Le Quoc Dung
Le Quoc Hung
Le Quoc Khanh
Le Quy Vuong
Le Quy Vuong
Le Tan Can
Le Tan Dung
Le Thanh Do
Le Thanh Liem
Le Thanh Long
Le Thanh Nghi
Le The Tiem
Le Thi Bang Tam
Le Thi Bich Thuan
Le Thi Thu Hang
Le Trung Chinh
Le Van Bang
Le Van Chau
Le Van Khoa
Le Van Tan
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Toan
Le Van Triet
Le Van Truyen
Le Van Tuyen
Le Van Uyen
Le Viet Dung
Le Vinh Tan
Le Vu Hung
Le Xuan Dinh
Le Xuan Trinh
LEANDRO R. MENDOZA
Lee Hsien Long
Lim Hng Kiang
Lim Jock Seng
Lo Thi Nhu
Luong Cuong
Luong Le Phuong
Luong Quoc Dung
Luong Tam Quang
Luong Thi Toi
Luong Van Tu
Luu Chan Dan
Luu Duc Huy
Luu Duc Sau
Luu Duc Tuyen
Luu Manh Tuong
Luu Tran Tieu
Macabangkit Lanto
Mai Ai Truc
Mai Liem Truc
Mai Luong Khoi
Mai Son
Mai Thi Thu Van
Mai Tien Dung
Mai Van Chinh
Mai Van Dau
Mai Xuan Thanh
MAJOR GENERAL THEIN SWE
Manuel M. Dayrit
Marcy Claudio Lopes
Mari Elka Pangestu
Maria Esther Reus Gonzalez
Martin Malvy
Maxim Alexandrovich Travnikov
MICHAEL KEENAN
Michael O. Leavitt
Miguel Angel Moratinos Cuyaube
Miguel Marin Bosch
Mike Penning
Mikulas BEK
Mingkwan Songsuwan
Mohammad Maruf
Muhyiddin Bin Mohammad Yassin
N.Ba-ga-Ban-di
NA-DA MA-LA-GOA-RA-CHI
Nam Viyaketh
Ngo Duy Hieu
Ngo Hai Phan
Ngo The Dan
Ngo Thi Kim Yen
Ngo Thi Minh
Ngo Xuan Hue
Ngo Xuan Lich
Ngo Xuan Loc
Nguen Hoang Tuan
Nguyen An Luong
Nguyen Anh Tuan
Nguyen Ba Hoan
Nguyen Bac Hai
Nguyen Bac Son
Nguyen Bich Dat
Nguyen Cam Tu
Nguyen Cao Luc
Nguyen Chi Dung
Nguyen Cong Binh
Nguyen Cong Dan
Nguyen Cong Nghiep
Nguyen Cong Su
Nguyen Cong Tan
Nguyen Cong Thanh
Nguyen Dai Thanh
Nguyen Dai Tri
Nguyen Danh Huy
Nguyen Danh Thai
Nguyen Dinh Bin
Nguyen Dinh Bong
Nguyen Dinh Khang
Nguyen Dinh Lieu
Nguyen Dinh Loc
Nguyen Dinh Toan
Nguyen Dong Tien
Nguyen Duc Chi
Nguyen Duc Chinh
Nguyen Duc Chung
Nguyen Duc Huy
Nguyen Duc Minh
Nguyen Duc Quang
Nguyen Duc Tam
Nguyen Duong Thai
Nguyen Duy Giang
Nguyen Duy Lam
Nguyen Duy Minh
Nguyen Duy Ngoc
Nguyen Duy Nien
Nguyen Duy Thang
Nguyen Dy Nien
Nguyen Hai Phong
Nguyen Hanh Phuc
Nguyen Hoa Binh
Nguyen Hoang Anh
Nguyen Hoang Hiep
Nguyen Hoang Long
Nguyen Hong Dien
Nguyen Hong Nhi
Nguyen Hong Quan
Nguyen Hong Truong
Nguyen Huu Chi
Nguyen Huu Do
Nguyen Huu Hoai
Nguyen Huu Hung
Nguyen Huu Nghiep
Nguyen Huu Tan
Nguyen Huu Tri
Nguyen Huu Vu
Nguyen Huy Ban
Nguyen Huy Dung
Nguyen Huy Hieu
Nguyen Huy Hoan
Nguyen Huy Luan
Nguyen Huy Tien
Nguyen Huy Tuong
Nguyen Khac Dinh
Nguyen Khanh
Nguyen Khanh Ngoc
Nguyen Khanh Toan
Nguyen Khoa Diem
Nguyen Kim Anh
Nguyen Kim Ly
Nguyen Kim Son
Nguyen Ky Cam
Nguyen Linh Ngoc
Nguyen Loc An
Nguyen Luong Trao
Nguyen Mai
Nguyen Manh Cam
Nguyen Manh Dong
Nguyen Manh Ha
Nguyen Manh Hien
Nguyen Manh Hung
Nguyen Manh Khuong
Nguyen Manh Kiem
Nguyen Minh Hien
Nguyen Minh Hong
Nguyen Minh Quang
Nguyen Minh Thao
Nguyen Minh Thong
Nguyen Minh Triet
Nguyen Minh Tuan
Nguyen Minh Vu
Nguyen Nam Binh
Nguyen Nam Hai
Nguyen Ngoc Bao
Nguyen Ngoc Canh
Nguyen Ngoc Dong
Nguyen Ngoc Hien
Nguyen Ngoc Hong
Nguyen Ngoc Lan
Nguyen Ngoc Phi
Nguyen Ngoc Thien
Nguyen Ngoc Tuan
Nguyen Ngoc Tuc
Nguyen Ngoc Vinh
Nguyen Nhac
Nguyen Nhat
Nguyen Nhat Kha
Nguyen Phu Binh
Nguyen Phu Trong
Nguyen Phuoc Thanh
Nguyen Phuong Nga
Nguyen Quan
Nguyen Quang Dung
Nguyen Quang Ha
Nguyen Quang Huy
Nguyen Que Huong
Nguyen Quoc Dung
Nguyen Quoc Huy
Nguyen Quoc Thanh
Nguyen Quoc Tri
Nguyen Quoc Trieu
Nguyen Sinh Hung
Nguyen Sinh Nhat Tan
Nguyen Son
Nguyen Sy Hiep
Nguyen Tam Chien
Nguyen Tan Dung
Nguyen Tan Trinh
Nguyen Tan Van
Nguyen Thac Giap
Nguyen Thai Binh
Nguyen Thai Duong
Nguyen Thai Lai
Nguyen Thanh
Nguyen Thanh Bien
Nguyen Thanh Cung
Nguyen Thanh Hoa
Nguyen Thanh Hung
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Long
Nguyen Thanh Nghi
Nguyen Thanh Phong
Nguyen Thanh Son
Nguyen Thanh Tinh
Nguyen The Manh
Nguyen The Phuong
Nguyen Thi Bich Ngoc
Nguyen Thi Cuc
Nguyen Thi Ha
Nguyen Thi Hang
Nguyen Thi Hanh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Anh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Lan
Nguyen Thi Hong
Nguyen Thi Hong Minh
Nguyen Thi Huong Lan
Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan
Nguyen Thi Kim Phung
Nguyen Thi Kim Tien
Nguyen Thi Le
Nguyen Thi Le Thanh
Nguyen Thi Lien Huong
Nguyen Thi Minh
Nguyen Thi Minh Nguyet
Nguyen Thi Nghia
Nguyen Thi Phuong Hoa
Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong
Nguyen Thi Thu
Nguyen Thi Thu Phuong
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Xuan Thu
Nguyen Thi Xuyen
Nguyen Thien Luan
Nguyen Thien Nhan
Nguyen Thuy Hien
Nguyen Tien Dinh
Nguyen Tien Dung
Nguyen Tien Hong
Nguyen Tien Sam
Nguyen Tien Trung
Nguyen Tien Truong
Nguyen Toan Thang
Nguyen Tran Nam
Nguyen Tri Thuc
Nguyen Tri Tue
Nguyen Trong Dam
Nguyen Trong Dieu
Nguyen Trong Du
Nguyen Trung Khanh
Nguyen Trung Kien
Nguyen Truong Son
Nguyen Tuong Van
Nguyen Van An
Nguyen Van Binh
Nguyen Van Cam
Nguyen Van Can
Nguyen Van Chi
Nguyen Van Cong
Nguyen Van Dang
Nguyen Van Duc
Nguyen Van Duoc
Nguyen Van Giau
Nguyen Van Hien
Nguyen Van Hieu
Nguyen Van Hoi
Nguyen Van Hong
Nguyen Van Hung
Nguyen Van Huong
Nguyen Van Khai
Nguyen Van Lien
Nguyen Van Long
Nguyen Van Nen
Nguyen Van Nganh
Nguyen Van Ngu
Nguyen Van Phuc
Nguyen Van Phung
Nguyen Van Rinh
Nguyen Van San
Nguyen Van Sanh
Nguyen Van Sinh
Nguyen Van Suu
Nguyen Van Thang
Nguyen Van Thanh
Nguyen Van The
Nguyen Van Tho
Nguyen Van Thuong
Nguyen Van Tien
Nguyen Van Trung
Nguyen Van Tung
Nguyen Van Vinh Chau
Nguyen Van Vong
Nguyen Vi Ninh
Nguyen Viet Hung
Nguyen Viet Thang
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Vinh Hien
Nguyen Xuan Chuan
Nguyen Xuan Cuong
Nguyen Xuan Duong
Nguyen Xuan Phuc
Nguyen Xuan Quang
Nguyen Xuan Sang
Nguyen Xuan Thanh
Nguyen Xuan Thao
Nguyen Xuan Thuy
Nicola Louise Roxon
Nong Duc Manh
Nong Phi Quang
Obaid Humaid Al Tayer
Oldemiro Julio Marques Baloi
Olga Algajerova
OsMan Giines
Pan Sorasak
Patrizia Toia
Paula Lehtomaki
Pedro Mejia Gomez
PEHIN DATO ABU BAKAR APONG
Peter B.Favila
Peter D. Garrucho
Peter Ricketts
Peter Szijjarto
Pham Binh Minh
Pham Cong Tac
Pham Duc Long
Pham Duy Anh
Pham Duy Khuong
Pham Gia Khiem
Pham Gia Tuc
Pham Hoang Duc
Pham Hong Giang
Pham Hong Ha
Pham Hong Hai
Pham Khoi Nguyen
Pham Le Tuan
Pham Manh Hung
Pham Manh Thang
Pham Minh Chinh
Pham Minh Ha
Pham Minh Huan
Pham Ngac
Pham Ngoc Thuong
Pham Quang Dung
Pham Quang Nghi
Pham Quang Ngoc
Pham Quang Tuyen
Pham Quang Vinh
Pham Quoc Anh
Pham Quoc Hung
Pham Quy Ngo
Pham Quy Tieu
Pham Quy Ty
Pham Si Chien
Pham Si Danh
Pham Sy Chung
Pham Sy Danh
Pham Thanh Binh
Pham Thanh Ha
Pham The Minh
Pham Thi Hai Chuyen
Pham Thi Thanh Tra
Pham Tien Dung
Pham Van Dinh
Pham Van Hau
Pham Van Huyen
Pham Van Khanh
Pham Van Phuong
Pham Van Tra
Pham Van Trong
Pham Vu Luan
Pham Xuan Tien
Phan Chi Hieu
Phan Khac Hai
Phan Quang Trung
Phan Tam
Phan Thai Dung
Phan The Rue
Phan Thi My Linh
Phan Thi Thang
Phan Tien Lan
Phan Trung Kien
Phan Van Anh
Phan Van Da
Phan Van Dinh
Phan Van Giang
Phan Van Khai
Phan Van Mai
Phan Van Men
Phan Van Tiem
Phan Van Trong
Phi Dang Minh
Phi Van Tuan
Pho-do-ri-co Gon-xa-let Phran-co
Phung Duc Tien
Phung Khac Ke
Phung Ngoc Hung
Phung Quang Thanh
Phung Xuan Nha
Phuong Huu Oanh
Pierre.S.Pettigrew
Pirapan Salirathavibhaga
Pra-Chuop Chai-Ya-San
Quach Dang Hoa
Rafael Catala Polo
Rafidah Aziz
Rashid Tussupbekov
RAYMOND LIM
Rini M.S. Soewandi
Rizalino S. Navarro
ROBERT PELIKAN
Ryszard Michalski
Saadi Salama
Sergey Lavrov
SOMMAD PHOLSENA
SOPHON ZARAM
Soulivong Daravong
SUSHILKUMAR SHINDE
T. Ariwibowo
Ta Anh Tuan
Ta Ca
Ta Manh Hung
Ta Quang Dong
Ta Quang Khanh
Ta Quang Ngoc
Ta Quoc Trung
Ta Thi Phuong Lan
Tan Sri Abdul Gani Patail
Tang Chi Thuong
Tao Huu Phung
TAUCH CHANKOSAL
Tea Varak
Thai Van Tai
Tharman Shanmugaratnam
Thi Van Tam
Thongbanh Sengaphone
Tibor Navracsics
To Anh Dung
To Lam
To Tu Ha
Tong Anh Hao
Tong Thi Minh
Tong Van Nga
Toshiko Abe
Tran Anh Tuan
Tran Chi Dao
Tran Chi Liem
Tran Chien Thang
Tran Cong Phan
Tran Dai Quang
Tran Dinh Duy
Tran Dinh Hoan
Tran Dinh Khoa
Tran Dinh Lieu
Tran Doan Tho
Tran Duc Lai
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Dung Ha
Tran Duy Dong
Tran Hanh
Tran Hiep Hung
Tran Hong Ha
Tran Lum
Tran Luu Quang
Tran Minh Phuc
Tran Minh Tuan
Tran Ngoc Binh
Tran Ngoc Liem
Tran Ngoc Thien
Tran Quan
Tran Quang Bao
Tran Quang Lam
Tran Quang Quy
Tran Quoc Khanh
Tran Quoc Phuong
Tran Quoc Thang
Tran Quy Kien
Tran Thanh Hai
Tran Thanh Man
Tran Thanh Nam
Tran The Ngoc
Tran Thi Thanh Binh
Tran Thi Thanh Thanh
Tran Thi Trung Chien
Tran Thu
Tran Tien Dung
Tran Tuan Anh
Tran Van Chung
Tran Van Dang
Tran Van Dung
Tran Van Hieu
Tran Van Son
Tran Van Ta
Tran Van Thuan
Tran Van Truyen
Tran Van Tu
Tran Van Tuan
Tran Van Tung
Tran Viet Tan
Tran Viet Thanh
Tran Vinh Tuyen
Tran Xuan Gia
Tran Xuan Ha
Trieu Van Be
Trinh Dinh Dung
Trinh Hong Duong
Trinh Quan Huan
Trinh Thi Thuy
Trinh To Tam
Trinh Xuan Truong
Truong Chi Trung
Truong Chinh
Truong Dinh Tuyen
Truong Hoa Binh
Truong Minh Tuan
Truong Quang Nghia
Truong Quoc Cuong
Truong Tan Sang
Truong Tan Vien
Truong Thanh Hoai
Truong Thi Mai
Truong Van Doan
Truong Vinh Trong
Ts. Hamid Awaludin
TSEND NYAMDORJ
U Khin Maung Win
U Soe Tha
Uong Chu Luu
Van Trong Ly
Vilay LAKHAMPHONG
Vince Henderson
Vitezslav Grepl
Vo Chi Cong
Vo Hong Phuc
Vo Minh Luong
Vo Thai Hoa
Vo Thanh Hung
Vo Tuan Nhan
Vo Van Hoan
Vo Van Hung
Vo Van Kiet
Vo Van Minh
Vo Van Thuong
Vu Bang
Vu Cao Cuong
Vu Chien Thang
Vu Duc Dam
Vu Dung
Vu Hai Quan
Vu Hai San
Vu Hong Khanh
Vu Hong Nam
Vu Hong Thuan
Vu Huy Hoang
Vu Khac Lien
Vu Khoan
Vu Le Quan
Vu Manh Ha
Vu Mong Giao
Vu Ngoc Anh
Vu Thi Lien
Vu Thi Mai
Vu Trong Hong
Vu Tuan Canh
Vu Tuan Cuong
Vu Van Ninh
Vu Van Tam
Vu Van Truong
Vuong Dinh Hue
Vy Trong Toan
Watana Muangsook
Yahya AKKURT
Yeo Cheow Tong
Yoon Young – Kwan
Yoriko Kawaguchi
Yrou Young - Kwan
Yury Nazaranka
Zafar Sh. Ruziev
Zdravko Marie
Zhakyp Assanov
Ziradin Jovanovic
Translation types
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
Summary
Content
Status
Vietnamese
Related documents
Diagram
Download
Bilingual Text
Please
log in
to your
Advanced Package
to view the full text. Do not have an account yet?
Register here
.
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Print
Share:
Text mode:
Light
|
Dark
Font size:
Send link to email
Send
Error message
Circular 13/2022/TT-BTC detailing Decree 10/2022/ND-CP on registration fee
* Required information
Email
*
Content
*
Send
ATTRIBUTE
Circular No. 13/2022/TT-BTC dated February 28, 2022 of the Ministry of Finance detailing a number of articles of the Government’s 

Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP of January 15, 2022, on registration fee
Issuing body:
Ministry of Finance
Effective date:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Official number:
13/2022/TT-BTC
Signer:
Tran Xuan Ha
Type:
Circular
Expiry date:
Updating
Issuing date:
28/02/2022
Effect status:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Fields:
Tax - Fee - Charge
SUMMARY
Registration fee rate from the second time on for motorcycles is 1%
This provision is prescribed by the Ministry of Finance in the Circular No. 13/2022/TT-BTC dated February 28, 2022, detailing a number of articles of the Government's Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP dated January 15, 2022, on registration fee.
Specifically, registration fee rate applicable to motorcycles of organizations and individuals in centrally run cities, provincial cities, and towns in which provincial-level People’s Committees are headquartered is 5% for first-time payment of registration fee. Registration fee from the second time on for motorcycles shall be paid at the rate of 1%.
In case motorcycles whose owners declared and paid registration fee at 2% then transfer their motorcycles to organizations or individuals in centrally run cities, provincial cities, and towns in which provincial-level People’s Committees are headquartered, registration fee shall be paid at 5%. In case motorcycle owners paid registration fee at 5%, registration fee for the subsequent transfers shall be paid at 1%.
Noticeably, the Circular also provides guidance on determining registration fee calculation prices for houses. In which, the registration fee calculation prices for condominiums exclude expenses for maintenance of sections under common ownership in the condominiums. If the expenses for maintenance of sections under common ownership in the condominium are not separated in the house purchase and sale contract and invoice, the registration fee calculation prices shall be the total house purchase prices stated in the invoice or contract.
This Circular takes effect on March 01, 2022.
For more details,
click here.
Download files
here.
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
Effect status:
Known
The Effect status of this document is known.This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to view Effect status. Don’t have an account?
Register here
THE MINISTRY OF
FINANCE
THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Independence - Freedom - Happiness
No. 13/2022/TT-BTC
Hanoi, February 28, 2022
CIRCULAR
Detailing a number of articles of the Government’s
Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP of January 15, 2022, on registration fee
[1]
Pursuant to the November 25, 2015 Law on Charges and Fees;
Pursuant to the November 29, 2013 Land Law and the Government’s Decrees detailing the Land Law;
Pursuant to the June 17, 2020 Law on Enterprises;
Pursuant to the Government’s Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP of January 15, 2022, on registration fee;
Pursuant to the Government’s Decree No. 87/2017/ND-CP of July 26, 2017, defining the functions, tasks, powers and organizational structure of the Ministry of Finance;
At the proposal of the General Director of the General Department of Taxation;
The Minister of Finance promulgates the Circular detailing a number of articles of the Government’s Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP of January 15, 2022, on registration fee.
Article 1.
Scope of regulation and subjects of application
1. This Circular details Articles 3, 7, 8, and 10 of the Government’s Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP of January 15, 2022, on registration fee (below referred to as Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP), regarding objects liable to registration fee, registration fee calculation prices, registration fee rates, and registration fee exemption.
2. This Circular applies to the subjects specified in Article 2 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP.
Article 2.
Objects liable to registration fee
Objects liable to registration fee must comply with Article 3 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP. Some contents are provided in detail as follows:
1. For houses and land specified in Clause 1, Article 3 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP
a/ Houses include residential houses; office buildings; and houses used for other purposes.
b/ Land includes agricultural land and non-agricultural land as prescribed by the Land Law (regardless of whether or not there are construction works on land).
2. Boats, including also yachts specified in Clause 4, Article 3 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP, are boats of different types, including also yachts, which are subject to registration of ownership and use rights with competent state agencies.
3. Body shells, chassis, engines and blocks of the property specified in Clause 8, Article 3 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP, are replacement parts that change the frame number or engine number of the property for which competent state agencies have granted certificates of ownership or use rights.
Article 3.
Registration fee calculation prices
Registration fee calculation prices must comply with Article 7 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP. The registration fee calculation prices of a number of property are specified as follows:
1. The prices for calculation of registration fee for houses and land specified in Clause 1, Article 7 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP
a/ Price for calculation of registration fee for land
- The land value for calculation of registration fee shall be determined as follows:
Land value for calculation of registration fee (VND)
=
Land area subject to registration fee (m
2
)
x
Price of 1 (one) square meter of land (VND/m
2
) specified in the Table of land prices issued by the People’s Committee of the province or centrally run city
In which:
+ The land area subject to registration fee is the entire area of ​​the land plot under the lawful management and use rights of the organization, household or individual that is determined and provided by the land use rights registration office to the tax office in a “Form on transfer of information for determination of land-related financial obligations”.
+ The price of one square meter of land is the price specified in the Table of land prices issued by the People’s Committee of the province or centrally run city (below referred to as the provincial-level People’s Committee) in accordance with the land law at the time of registration fee declaration.
- In case the land price stated in the land use rights transfer contract is higher than the price set by the provincial-level People’s Committee, the price for calculation of registration fee is the price stated in the land use rights transfer contract. In case the land price stated in the land use rights transfer contract is lower than the price set by the provincial-level People’s Committee, the price for calculation of registration fee is the price set by the provincial-level People’s Committee in accordance with the land law at the time of registration fee declaration.
- In case the land user has been granted a certificate of land use rights without having to pay registration fee, and then is permitted by a competent agency to repurpose the land plot and the repurposed land plot becomes liable to registration fee, the price for calculation of registration fee for the land plot is the land price according to the its new use purpose set in the Table of land prices issued by the provincial-level People’s Committee in accordance with the land law at the time of registration fee calculation.
b/ Price for calculation of registration fee for houses
- The value of houses for calculation of registration fee shall be determined as follows:
Value of house for calculation of registration fee (VND)
=
House area subject to registration fee (m
2
)
x
Price of 1 (one) square meter of house floor (VND/m
2
)
x
Percentage (%) of remaining quality of the house subject to registration fee
In which:
+ The house area subject to registration fee is the entire floor area (including also the area of ​​ancillary works) under the lawful ownership of the organization, household or individual.
+ The price of 1 (one) square meter of house floor is the actual construction price of 1 (one) square meter of floor space set for each house grade or class by the provincial-level People’s Committee in accordance with the construction law at the time of registration fee declaration.
Provincial-level Departments of Finance shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial-level Departments of Construction and related local agencies in, pursuant to Point b, Clause 1, Article 7 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP, setting prices for calculation of registration fee for houses for submission to provincial-level People’s Committees for the latter to issue the Table of prices for calculation of registration fee for houses for application in their localities.
+ The percentage (%) of the remaining quality of the house subject to registration fee shall be specified by the provincial-level People’s Committee in accordance with law.
- In case the house price stated in the house purchase and sale contract is higher than the price issued by the provincial-level People’s Committee, the price for calculation of registration fee is the price stated in the house purchase and sale contract. In case the house price stated in the house purchase and sale contract is lower than the price set by the provincial-level People’s Committee, the price for calculation of registration fee is the price set by the provincial-level People’s Committee in accordance with the construction law at the time of registration fee declaration.
- For apartments, the price for calculation of registration fee is the price exclusive of the cost of maintenance of the apartment building’s area under common ownership. In case the house purchase and sale contract and the house purchase and sale invoice do not separate the cost of maintenance of the apartment building’s area under common ownership, the price for calculation of registration fee is the total value of the house purchase and sale transaction stated on the house purchase and sale invoice or house purchase and sale contract.
c/ Price for calculation of registration fee for houses and land in case land use rights transfer contracts or house purchase and sale contracts do not separate the house value from the land value
In case the total value of the house and land stated in a land use rights transfer contract or house purchase and sale contract is higher than the total value of house and land calculated based on the price set by the provincial-level People’s Committee, the price for calculation of registration fee for the house and land is the price stated in the land use rights transfer contract or house purchase and sale contract. In case the total value of the house and land stated in the land use rights transfer contract or house purchase and sale contract is lower than the total value of house and land calculated based on the price set by the provincial-level People’s Committee, the price for calculation of registration fee for house and land is the price set by the provincial-level People’s Committee in accordance with the land law and the construction law at the time of registration fee declaration.
2. Prices for calculation of registration fee for the property specified in Clauses 2 and 3, Article 7 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP
a/ Automobiles and motorcycles (except trailers or semi-trailers towed by automobiles, special-use automobiles, and special-use motorcycles): The price for calculation of registration fee is the price specified in the Decision on the Table of registration fee calculation prices issued by the Ministry of Finance under Clause 3, Article 7 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP (below referred to as the Price Table).
- The Table of prices for calculation of registration fee for brand-new automobiles and motorcycles shall be formulated by vehicle type (excluding trucks and passenger cars), in which the vehicle type shall be determined according to the criteria of kind of vehicle, brand, and vehicle model [type number or commercial name or model code (if there is no commercial name); commercial name and model code (if any), for automobiles], engine displacement or engine capacity, permissible number of passengers (including the driver), and origin as stated in the Certificate of technical safety quality and environmental protection or Notice of exemption from inspection of technical safety quality and environment protection or Certificate of vehicle type quality issued by a Vietnamese vehicle inspection unit or the Certificate of ex-factory quality inspection for motor vehicles. The value of the criterion of engine displacement shall be rounded to one decimal place as follows: up if the first digit after the decimal point is ≥ 5 and down if the first digit after the decimal point is < 5.
The Table of prices for calculation of registration fee for trucks shall be formulated according to the following criteria: country of manufacture, brand, and authorized pay load; for passenger cars: country of manufacture, brand, and permissible number of passengers, including the driver.
The General Department of Taxation shall update and synthesize the databases on transfer prices in the market of, and prices for calculation of registration fee for, automobiles and motorcycles; assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with relevant units in, reviewing price databases and formulating and submitting to the Ministry of Finance for promulgation the Table of prices for calculation of registration fee for automobiles and motorcycles and amendments and supplementations thereto according to Clauses 2 and 3, Article 7 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP.
- For automobiles or motorcycles of new types not yet listed in the Price Table at the time of submission of registration fee declarations, tax offices shall base themselves on the databases specified in Clause 2, Article 7 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP to decide on the price for calculation of registration fee for each new type of automobile and motorcycle according to Point b, Clause 3, Article 7 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP. Within 3 (three) working days after a district-level Tax Branch receives a valid registration fee declaration dossier, the concerned provincial-level Tax Department shall notify the district-level Tax Branch of the registration fee calculation price for unified application in the respective locality.
Automobiles and motorcycles not yet listed in the Price Table are those that have one of the criteria specified at this Point different from the criteria stated in the Price Table.
b/ For means of transport that are fitted with special-use equipment (for example, special-use cars for transporting frozen goods fitted with an air conditioning system, special-use cars for detecting radio waves fitted with a radar system, etc.): The registration fee calculation price is the entire value of the property, inclusive of the value of special-use equipment fitted on such means of transport.
c/ Organizations and individuals purchasing goods from direct sales agents that sign agency contracts with manufacturers and sell goods at the prices set by the manufacturers shall also be considered purchasing goods directly from the manufacturers and the transfer prices of such property in the market shall be determined as for domestically produced goods.
3. Prices for calculation of registration fee for used property specified in Clause 4, Article 7 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP
The registration fee calculation price is the residual value calculated according to the use duration of the property. Residual value of a used property is the value of the brand-new property multiplied by (x) the percentage of the remaining quality of the property.
In which:
a/ The value of the brand-new property shall be determined according to the guidance in Clause 2, Article 7 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP and Clause 2 of this Article.
For an automobile or a motorcycle not yet listed in the Price Table, the registration fee calculation price shall be determined based on the registration fee calculation price of the automobile or motorcycle of equivalent type listed in the Price Table; in which automobiles or motorcycles of equivalent type are automobiles or motorcycles of the same origin, the same brand, the same engine displacement or engine capacity, or the same permissible number of passengers (including the driver), and automobiles or motorcycles of which the vehicle type contains characters equivalent to that of automobiles or motorcycles listed in the Price Table. In case there is more than one equivalent vehicle type listed in the Price Table, the tax office shall determine the registration fee calculation price of the automobile or motorcycle based on the highest registration fee calculation price stated in the Price Table. In case the equivalent vehicle type cannot be determined, the tax office shall base itself on the databases specified in Clause 2, Article 7 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP to determine the registration fee calculation price of the automobile or motorcycle.
b/ The percentage (%) of the remaining quality of property subject to registration fee shall be determined as follows:
Use duration
Percentage (%) of remaining quality of property subject to registration fee
Brand-new property
100
Within 1 year
90
Between over 1 year and 3 years
70
Between over 3 years and 6 years
50
Between over 6 years and 10 years
30
Over 10 years
20
The use duration of the property shall be counted from the year of manufacture to the year of registration fee declaration. If the year of manufacture cannot be determined, the use duration of the property shall be counted from the year when the property is put into use until the year of registration fee declaration.
Article 4.
Registration fee rates
Registration fee rates must comply with Article 8 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP. The registration fee rates for automobiles and motorcycles are specified as follows:
1. For motorcycles, the rates specified in Clause 4, Article 8 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP shall apply. The rates in some specific cases are as follows:
a/ For motorcycles of organizations and individuals in centrally run cities; provincial cities; and towns where provincial People’s Committees are headquartered: The first-time registration fee rate is 5%.
Centrally run cities, provincial cities; towns where provincial People’s Committees are headquartered shall be determined based on the state administrative boundaries at the time of registration fee declaration, in which a centrally run city embraces all districts of the city, regardless of whether they are inner or suburban and urban or rural; a provincial city or a town where the provincial People’s Committee is headquartered embraces all wards and communes of the city or the town, regardless of whether they are inner or suburban.
b/ The registration fee rate for motorcycles from the second time of registration fee payment onward is 1%.
In case property owners have declared and paid registration fee at the rate of 2% and then transferred their motorcycles to organizations or individuals in the geographical areas specified at Point a of this Clause, registration fee shall be paid at the rate of 5%. For motorcycles for which registration fee has been paid at the rate of 5%, upon subsequent transfers, the registration fee rate of 1% shall apply.
The geographical area of previous registration fee declaration and payment shall be identified according to the “Place of permanent residence”, “Place of permanent household registration” or “Address” stated in the vehicle registration certificate or certificate of revocation of vehicle registration and number plate and determined according to the state administrative boundaries at the time of registration fee declaration.
2. For automobiles, trailers or semi-trailers towed by automobiles, and vehicles similar to automobiles: To apply the rate specified in Clause 5, Article 8 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP.
a/ Based on the vehicle type and authorized pay load stated in the certificate of technical safety quality and environmental protection or certificate of inspection issued by Vietnamese vehicle inspection units, tax offices shall determine the registration fee rate applicable to automobiles, trailers or semi-trailers towed by automobiles, and vehicles similar to automobiles as prescribed in this Clause.
b/ Tax offices shall determine the registration fee rate applicable to automobiles on the basis of:
- The number of seats in the automobiles according to the manufacturer’s design.
- Authorized pay load determined according to Point a of this Clause.
- Vehicle type, which shall be determined as follows:
+ For imported automobiles: Based on the vehicle inspection units’ conclusion inscribed in the item “Vehicle type” in the certificate of technical safety quality and environmental protection of imported motor vehicles or notice of exemption from inspection of technical safety quality and environmental protection for imported motor vehicles or inspection certificate issued by Vietnamese vehicle inspection units;
+ For domestically manufactured and assembled automobiles: Based on the item “Vehicle type” in the certificate of technical safety quality and environmental protection of manufactured and assembled automobiles or certificate of ex-factory quality inspection for motor vehicles or vehicle inspection certificate.
In case the item “Vehicle type” of the above documents of a vehicle does not identify that such vehicle is a truck, the vehicle shall be subject to the registration fee rate applicable to passenger cars.
3. For passenger cars with 9 seats or less bearing diplomatic number plates, foreign number plates or international number plates which are transferred by foreign organizations and individuals specified in Clause 2, Article 10 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP to other organizations and individuals in Vietnam (other than those specified in Clause 2, Article 10 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP), the transferees shall pay registration fee at the rate applicable to first-time registration fee payment  as set by the concerned provincial-level People’s Council or specified at Point a, Clause 5, Article 8 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP in case the concerned People’s Council has not yet set the rate. The registration fee calculation price in this case is the residual value of the property determined at the time of registration fee declaration under the guidance in Clause 3, Article 3 of this Circular.
For automobiles with foreign license plates whose foreign owners (other than those specified in Clause 2, Article 10 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP) have declared and paid registration fee at the rate applicable to first-time registration fee payment, if such foreigners transfer the property to other organizations or individuals in Vietnam, the transferees shall, when making registration of ownership or use rights of such property, declare and pay registration fee at the rate of 2%.
4. Public security agencies that issue vehicle number plates shall check vehicle type; if detecting the type of truck or passenger car stated in certificates of technical safety quality and environmental protection, notices of exemption from inspection of technical safety quality and environmental protection of imported motor vehicles, or vehicle inspection certificates issued by Vietnamese vehicle inspection units or certificates of ex-factory quality inspection of motor vehicles is not correct, leading to application of inappropriate registration fee rates, they shall promptly notify thereof to vehicle inspection units for the latter to re-determine the vehicle type before number plates are issued. In case the vehicle inspection units’ re-determination of vehicle type requires re-calculation of registration fee amounts, public security agencies shall transfer dossiers, enclosed with verification documents, to tax offices for issuance of notices of registration fee collection according to regulations.
Article 5.
Exemption from registration fee
Registration fee exemption must comply with Article 10 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP, specifically as follows:
1. Houses and land under offices of foreign diplomatic missions, consulates, or representative offices of international organizations within the United Nations system and residential houses of heads of foreign diplomatic missions, consulates or representative offices of international organizations within the United Nations system in Vietnam shall be exempt from registration fee under Clause 1, Article 10 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP, in which:
Offices of foreign diplomatic missions or consulates are buildings or parts of buildings and land under such buildings which are used for official purposes of these diplomatic missions or consulates (including also residential houses of heads of these missions or consulates and land under such residential houses) as prescribed in the law on privileges and immunities for Vietnam-based diplomatic missions, consulates and representative offices of international organizations.
2. Houses and land used for community activities of religious or belief organizations recognized or licensed for operation by the State that are eligible for registration fee exemption under Clause 8, Article 10 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP are houses on land specified in Articles 159 and 160 of the Land Law, including:
a/ Land of pagodas, churches, chapels, oratories, monasteries, abbeys, religious schools, head offices of religious organizations, and other religious facilities;
b/ Land of communal houses, temples, shrines or small pagodas.
3. Houses, land, special property, special-use property and property for specialized management work serving national defense and security shall be exempt from registration fee under Clause 13, Article 10 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP, including:
a/ Special-use houses and land for national defense or security purposes in accordance with law;
b/ Watercraft, boats, automobiles and motorcycles on the law-prescribed list of special property or special-use property and property for specialized management work serving national defense and security for which registration certificates are granted by the Ministry of National Defense, the Ministry of Public Security, licensed units of the Ministry of National Defense, competent agencies of the Ministry of Public Security.
4. Houses and land allocated for compensation or resettlement purposes (including also houses and land purchased with money received as compensation, support or resettlement entitlements, even cases of on-spot resettlement) shall be exempt from registration fee under Clause 15, Article 10 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP upon house or land recovery by the State in accordance with law, in case organizations or individuals subject to house or land recovery have paid registration fee (or are not liable to pay or are exempt from registration fee or have the payable registration fee amount deducted when calculating compensation for recovered houses or land in accordance with law). The exemption from registration fee specified in this Clause is applicable to the entities subject to house or land recovery.
5. Property of organizations and individuals for which ownership or use rights certificates have been granted and which are now re-registered shall be exempt from registration fee under Points c and dd, Clause 16, Article 10 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP, specifically as follows:
a/ Property with co-ownership or co-use rights certificates granted to households or household members which is now divided among household members for re-registration in accordance with law; common property of husband and wife after they get married; property divided to husband and wife after they divorce under a legally effective court judgment or ruling.
Households or household members mean persons having marital relationship or blood or raising relations in accordance with the law on marriage and family.
b/ Upon re-grant of land use rights certificates, if the land area increases while its boundaries remain unchanged, the increased land area shall be exempt from registration fee.
In case the boundary of a land plot changes compared to the previously granted land use rights certificate, leading to an increase in the land area, registration fee must be paid for the increased land area. In case the boundary of a land plot changes compared to the previously granted land use rights certificate, leading to a decrease in the land area, registration fee shall be exempted.
6. Property of enterprises that are internally transferred, or property of administrative non-business agencies or units that are internally transferred under decisions of competent authorities shall be exempt from registration fee in accordance with Point b, Clause 17, Article 10 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP.
For property transferred between enterprises and their independent cost-accounting member units or among independent cost-accounting member units in the form of purchase and sale, assignment, exchange or transfer between one cost-estimating agency or unit and another (for administrative agencies and non-business units), registration fee shall be paid.
7. Property of organizations or individuals for which registration fee has been paid and which are divided or contributed due to the division, splitting, consolidation, merger or renaming of organizations under decisions of competent agencies shall be exempt from registration fee under Clause 18, Article 10 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP.
Cases of renaming organizations concurrently with changing property owners in which property must be re-registered with competent state agencies and property owners are required to pay registration fee include:
a/ Renaming an enterprise and concurrently changing all of its founding shareholders (for joint-stock companies with founding shareholders), initial charter capital-contributing shareholders (for joint-stock companies without founding shareholders) or company members (for other enterprises of other types) or changing its owner (in case of selling a sole proprietorship under Article 192 of the Law on Enterprises);
b/ Renaming and transforming enterprises as specified at Point c, Clause 2 of Article 202 (a limited liability company transformed into a joint-stock company by the method of selling the whole contributed capital amounts to one or several other organization(s) or individual (s)); Point b, Clause 1 of Article 203 (a joint-stock company transformed into a single-member limited liability company by the method in which an organization or individual that is not a shareholder acquires the whole volume of shares of all shareholders of the company); Point c, Clause 1 of Article 204 (a joint-stock company transformed into a limited liability company by the method of transferring the whole volume of shares to other capital-contributing organizations and individuals); or in Article 205, of the Law on Enterprises, except cases in which sole proprietorships are transformed into single-member limited liability companies owned by the persons who used to be the owners of the sole proprietorships.
8. Aircraft used for commercial cargo and passenger transportation exempt from registration fee under Clause 22, Article 10 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP are aircraft of organizations having been granted a cargo transportation license which are used for commercial cargo, passenger, luggage and package transportation. Aircraft registered for use as personal vehicles shall be subject to registration fee.
9. Residential houses and land of poor households; residential houses and land of ethnic minority people in communes, wards and townships in difficulty-hit regions and the Central Highlands; residential houses and land of households and individuals in communes covered by the Program on socio-economic development in special difficulty-hit, mountainous, deep-lying and remote communes shall be exempt from registration fee under Clause 26, Article 10 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP, in which:
a/ Poor households are households which, at the time of registration fee declaration and payment, have certificates of poor-household status issued by competent agencies or are certified as poor households by People’s Committees of the communes, wards or townships (commune-level People’s Committees) where they reside according to the Prime Minister’s regulations on the poverty line and guiding documents.
b/ Ethnic minority individuals and households are ethnic minority individuals and households in which either the husband or wife is or both are ethnic minority persons.
c/ Difficulty-hit areas are identified according to the Prime Minister’s decisions promulgating the List of administrative units in difficulty-hit areas.
10. Non-motorized watercraft and boats with a gross tonnage of up to 15 tons; motorized watercraft and boats with total main engine capacity of up to 15 horse power; watercraft and boats with a carrying capacity of up to 12 passengers; high-speed passenger ships (high-speed ships used for passenger transportation), rubbish collection ships and container watercraft and boats operating in inland waterway routes shall be exempt from registration fee under Clause 27, Article 10 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP.
a/ The above-mentioned vessels shall be identified in accordance with the Law on Inland Waterway Navigation and guiding documents (including hulls, complete frames, engines and blocks that are installed to replace those of such vessels).
b/ High-speed passenger ships (high-speed ships used for passenger transportation), and container watercraft and boats operating in inland waterway routes eligible for registration fee exemption shall be identified according to certificates of technical safety and environmental protection of inland waterway vehicles granted by Vietnamese vehicle inspection units, specifically as follows:
- For “high-speed passenger ships (high-speed ships used for passenger transportation)”
+ The item “Utility”: Passenger ship;
+ The section “Certifying that vehicle with technical specifications and environmental pollution control as stated in this Certificate is in a technical status that satisfies requirements of current norms and regulations and is classified as”: VRH HSC or VRM HSC; or the item “Operation capacity” shows the speed of 30 km/hour or higher.
- For “rubbish collection ships”
+ The item “Utility”: For rubbish collection;
- For “container watercraft”, the item “Utility” reads: “For container transportation”.
11. Houses and land of establishments carrying out socialization activities in the fields of education and training, vocational training, health, culture, physical training and sports, and environment, that register land use rights or house ownership to serve these activities shall be exempt from registration fee under Clause 28, Article 10 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP.
Establishments carrying out socialization activities in the fields of education, vocational training, health, culture, sports and environment eligible for registration fee exemption in this Clause must satisfy the criteria on scale and standards in accordance with the Prime Minister’s decisions and guiding documents.
12. Houses and land of non-public establishments that register land use rights or house ownership to serve activities in the fields of education and training, health, culture, physical training and sports, science and technology, environment, social affairs, population, family, and child protection and care in accordance with law, except the cases eligible for tax exemption under Clause 11 of this Article, shall be exempt from registration fee under Clause 29, Article 10 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP;
Non-public establishments operating in the fields of education and training, health, culture, physical training and sports; science and technology, environment, social affairs, population, or family and child protection and care eligible for registration fee exemption under this Clause must satisfy the criteria on scale and standards in accordance with the Prime Minister’s decisions and guiding documents.
31. Clean energy-powered mass transit buses.
Clean energy-powered buses eligible for registration fee exemption are buses running on liquefied gas, natural gas or electricity as substitutes for petrol or oil as defined in Clause 5, Article 3 of the Prime Minister’s Decision No. 13/2015/QD-TTg of May 5, 2013, on incentive mechanisms and policies for development of public transport bus services which are identified in the item “Fuel” in the Certificate of technical safety and environmental protection inspection for road motor vehicles issued by Vietnamese vehicle inspection units and satisfy the conditions specified in Article 8 of the Prime Minister’s Decision No. 13/2015/QD-TTg.
Article 6.
Organization of implementation and effect
1. This Circular takes effect on March 1, 2022.
2. This Circular annuls:
a/ The Minister of Finance’s Circular No. 301/2016/TT-BTC of November 15, 2016, guiding registration fee.
b/ The Minister of Finance’s Circular No. 20/2019/TT-BTC of April 9, 2019, amending and supplementing a number of articles of Circular No. 301/2016/TT-BTC of November 15, 2016, guiding registration fee.
3. The General Department of Taxation shall:
a/ Reach agreement with traffic police agencies, natural resources and environment agencies and other competent state agencies on e-data on registration fee payment to be  transmitted or received as prescribed in Clause 2, Article 11 of Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP to serve the settlement of administrative procedures related to property ownership or use rights registration.
b/ Carry out and direct the inspection, examination, and handling of violations of regulations on registration fee in accordance with law.
c/ Direct and guide provincial-level Tax Departments to implement regulations on registration fee prescribed in Decree No. 10/2022/ND-CP and this Circular.
4. Any problems arising in the course of implementation of this Circular should be promptly reported to the Ministry of Finance for consideration, guidance and settlement.-
For the Minister of Finance
Deputy Minister
TRAN XUAN HA
[1]
Công Báo Nos 269-270 (14/3/2022)
This feature is available to
English
or
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Processing, please wait...
You are not logged in.
This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to access detailed information on Related documents.
If you do not have an account, please
register here!
Processing, please wait...
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
VIETNAMESE DOCUMENTS
Circular 13/2022/TT-BTC PDF (Original)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Circular 13/2022/TT-BTC (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
ENGLISH DOCUMENTS
Official Gazette
Circular 13/2022/TT-BTC (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Circular 13/2022/TT-BTC (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
LuatVietnam's translation
Circular 13/2022/TT-BTC (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Circular 13/2022/TT-BTC (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
* Note:
To view documents downloaded from LuatVietnam.vn, please install DOC, DOCX and PDF file readers
For further support, please call
19006192
Log in
Register
Remember
Forgot password
Log in
Or log in via
* Required information
Username
Email
*
Password
*
Confirm Password
*
I agree to the
Terms & Conditions
and
Personal Data Protection Policy
of LuatVietnam
Register
Forgot password
Enter your account name to recover your password.
Send
Select folder
+ Add folder
Save
Back
Add folder
Bilingual Text
Nội dung tham chiếu