Statistics Law, Law No. 89/2015/QH13
Home
Legal Normative Documents
New documents
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
News
Services
Available translation
On-demand translation
Vietnamese
Home
Legal Normative Documents
Administration
Search
Advanced Search
Advanced search for legal documents
Filter by
Reset
Types of documents
Law
Ordinance
Decree
Decision
Circular
Joint Circular
Resolution
Directive
Official Dispatch
Regulation
Instruction
Notice
Order
Official Telegram
Plan
Report
Code
Consolidated Text
Convention
Agreement
Treaty
Protocol
Agreement
Treaty
Issuing bodies
Committee for Physical Trainning and Sports
Committee for Population, Family and Children
Council of Ministers
Department of Hanoi public health care
General Department of Customs
General Department of Forestry
General Department of Land Administration
General Department of Post and Telecommunications
General Department of Statistics
General Department of Taxation
General Department of Tourism
Government
Government Commission for Organizational Personnel
Government Committee for Prices
Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
Ministry of Aquatic Products
Ministry of Construction
Ministry of Culture - Information
Ministry of Culture and Information
Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism
Ministry of Education and Training
Ministry of Finance
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Health
Ministry of Home Affairs
Ministry of Industry
Ministry of Industry and Trade
Ministry of Information and Communications
Ministry of Justice
Ministry of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs
Ministry of National Defence
Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment
Ministry of Planning and Investment
Ministry of Post and Telecommunications
Ministry of Public Security
Ministry of Science and Technology
Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment
Ministry of Trade
Ministry of Transport
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
National Assembly Standing Committee
National Committee for International Economic Co-operation
National Committee for Population and Family Planning
Office of the Government
Office of the National Assembly
People' Committee of Ho Chi Minh City
People's Committee of Hanoi
People's Supereme Court
People's Supereme Procuracy
Political Bureau
Prime Minister
Socialist Republic of Vietnam
State Bank
State Bank of Vietnam
State Committee for Co-operation and Investment (SCCI)
State Committee for Ethnic Minorities and Mountainous Areas
State Committee for Planning
State Council
State Securities Commission
The Ethnic Minority Committee
The Judges's Council of the Supreme People's Court
The President
Vietnam Labor General Confederation
Vietnam Social Security
Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee
All fields
Culture - Sports - Tourism
Information - Communications
Agriculture - Forestry
Natural Resources - Environment
Justice
Criminal
Civil law
Marriage and family
Electricity
Bidding - Competition
Appeal - Accuse
Press - Television
Insurance
Emulation - Commendation - Discipline
Administrative border
Commerce - Advertising
Food and drug
Saving - Anti-corruption
National Security
Cadres - Civil Servants
Residence - Population
Immigration
Accounting - Audit
Securities
Navigation
Aquatic products
National defence
Intellectual property
Transport
Administration
Administrative violation
Policy
Enterprise
Organizational structure
Others
Customs
Construction
Science - Technology
Industry
Foreign affairs
Health
Public order
Labor - Salary
Export - Import
Education - Training - Vocational training
Tax - Fee - Charge
Land - Housing
Finance - Banking
Investment
Effect status
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Signers
Abdellatif Ouahbi
Abdelwaheb Abdallah
Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdullah Ali Abdullah Al Yahaya
Abdullah bin Sultan bin Awad Al Nuaimi
Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan
Adisai Bodharamik
Alastair Goodlad
Amaret Sila_on
Amnuay Viravan
Andre Ouellet
Andrew S.Natsisos
Ang Vong Vathana
Anna Lindstedt
Arifin M. Siregar
Au Anh Tuan
B.G (NS) George Yong-Boon Yeo
Bac-ba-ra Su-ma-nop-xka
Bach Thi Minh Huyen
Banh Tien Long
Battsetseg Batmunkh
Be-a-ta Xo-ten-mac
Berkesi Laszlos
Bernard K.Mambe
Bhuvesh Chaturvedi
Brain Cowen
Bui Anh Tuan
Bui Ba Bong
Bui Cach Tuyen
Bui Hong Linh
Bui Hong Minh
Bui Huu Toan
Bui Manh Cuong
Bui Manh Hai
Bui Nguyen Long
Bui Pham Khanh
Bui Quang Vinh
Bui Thanh Son
Bui The Duy
Bui Thi Quynh Van
Bui Thien Ngo
Bui Van Cuong
Bui Van Ga
Bui Van Khang
Bui Van Nam
Bui Van Suong
Bui Xuan Cuong
Bui Xuan Dung
Bui Xuan Khu
Bui Xuan Minh
Bui Xuan Son
Cao Anh Tuan
Cao Duc Phat
Cao Lai Quang
Cao Minh Quang
Cao Quoc Hung
Cao Si Kiem
Cao Viet Sinh
Caryn R. McClelland
Cear V.Purisma
Cecilia Piccioni
Cham Nimul
Cham Pradidh
Cham Prasidh
Chan Sek Keong
Charlotte Laursen
Chau Hue Cam
Chou Vichith
Chu Hao
Chu Ngoc Anh
Chu Pham Ngoc Hien
Chu Tuan Cap
Chu Tuan Nha
Chu Van Nguyen
Chu Van Thinh
Chu Xuan Dung
Commodore(Ns) Teo Chee Hean
Cristian Barros
Cu Ngoc Oanh
Dam Huu Dac
Dam Thi Hoa
Dang cap nhat
Dang Dinh Lam
Dang Dinh Luu
Dang Hanh Thu
Dang Hoang An
Dang Hong Nam
Dang Hung Vo
Dang Huu
Dang Huy Dong
Dang Huynh Mai
Dang Nghiem Chinh
Dang Ngoc Minh
Dang Ngoc Tung
Dang Nhu Loi
Dang Quang Phuong
Dang Quoc Tien
Dang Son Tung
Dang Thanh Binh
Dang Thi Bich Lien
Dang Thi Binh An
Dang Van Tao
Dang Van Tin
Dang Vu Chu
Daniel Tomlinson
Dao Dinh Binh
Dao Hong Lan
Dao Minh Tu
Dao Ngoc Dung
Dao Xuan Hoc
Da-So-Gan-Bon-Do
Dato’ Seri Paduka Haji Kifrawi
DATO’ SRI ONG TEE KEAT
Dick Kling
Diep Kinh Tan
Diep Kinh Tan
Dinh Anh Tuan
Dinh Huu Phi
Dinh La Thang
Dinh Ngoc Thang
Dinh Quang Ngu
Dinh Tien Dung
Dinh Trung Tung
Dinh Van Nha
Dinh Viet Son
Dlamini Zuma
Do Duc Duy
Do Duc Tien
Do Hai Dung
Do Hoang Anh Tuan
Do Huu Hao
Do Ngoc Huynh
Do Nguyen Phuong
Do Nhu Dinh
Do Quang Trung
Do Que Luong
Do Qui Doan
Do Quoc Sam
Do Quy Doan
Do Quy Doan
Do Thang Hai
Do Thanh Binh
Do Thi Xuan Phuong
Do Trung Ta
Do Van Dong
Do Van Sinh
Do Xuan Tuyen
Doan Hoang Minh
Doan Hong Phong
Doan Manh Giao
Doan Mau Diep
Doan Thai Son
Doan Van Viet
Doan Xuan Hung
Doan Xuan Toan
Duong Anh Duc
Duong Duc Tuan
Duong Gia Trien
Duong Quoc Anh
Duong Thu Huong
Duong Tri Dung
Ephraim Ben Matityau
Erik Derycke
Evgeny Shestakov
George Vella
Gia Tan Dinh
Giang Seo Phu
H. A.F.M.O van Mierlo
Ha Cong Tuan
Ha Hung
Ha Hung Cuong
Haike Manning
Hans Winkler
Hirofumi Nakasone
Ho Anh Tuan
Ho Dieu Bang
Ho Duc Phoc
Ho Huan Nghiem
Ho Nghia Dung
Ho Quoc Dung
Ho Te
Ho Thi Kim Thoa
Ho Xuan Hung
Hoang Cong Dung
Hoang Manh Hien
Hoang Minh Duc
Hoang Minh Hao
Hoang Minh Son
Hoang Minh Tuan Anh
Hoang Nghia Mai
Hoang Quoc Vuong
Hoang Quy
Hoang Sy Thanh
Hoang The Lien
Hoang Thi Ha Giang
Hoang Thi Tuyet Hoa
Hoang Trung
Hoang Trung Hai
Hoang Tuan Anh
Hoang Van Huay
Hoang Van Nghien
Hoang Van Phong
Hoang Van Thang
Hoang Viet Cuong
Hoang Vu Thanh
Hon. Robert Debus
HOR Namhong
Hu Cha-Chi
Hua Duc Nhi
Huynh Huu Phuc
Huynh Ngoc Thanh
Huynh Phong Tranh
Huynh Quang Hai
Huynh Thi Nhan
Huynh Vinh Ai
Jack Straw
Jan Vapaavuori
Joaquim Verissimo
John C Tsang
John Sydney Dawkins
Joseisidro N.Camacho
JUSMAN SYAFII DJAMAL
Kham Ouane Boupha
Khong co
Khuat Van Nga
KRASIMIR TSIPOV
Kwon Jong-rak
La Ngoc Khue
Lai Quang Thuc
Lam Thi Phuong Thanh
LASZLO TROCSANYI
Le Anh Tuan
Le Bach Hong
Le Chiem
Le Cong Phung
Le Cong Thanh
Le Danh Vinh
Le Dinh Tho
Le Dinh Tien
Le Doan Hop
Le Duc Anh
Le Duc Luan
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duong Quang
Le Duy Dong
Le Hoa Binh
Le Hoai Trung
Le Hong Anh
Le Hong Hai
Le Hong Nam
Le Hong Nga
Le Hong Son
Le Hung Son
Le Huy Con
Le Huy Ngo
Le Huy Vinh
Le Manh Hung
Le Minh Hoan
Le Minh Hung
Le Minh Huong
Le Minh Khai
Le Minh Ngan
Le Minh Tri
Le Nam Thang
Le Ngoc Hoan
Le Ngoc Trong
Le Quan
Le Quang Cuong
Le Quang Hung
Le Quang Tung
Le Quoc Doanh
Le Quoc Dung
Le Quoc Hung
Le Quoc Khanh
Le Quy Vuong
Le Quy Vuong
Le Tan Can
Le Tan Dung
Le Thanh Do
Le Thanh Liem
Le Thanh Long
Le Thanh Nghi
Le The Tiem
Le Thi Bang Tam
Le Thi Bich Thuan
Le Thi Thu Hang
Le Trung Chinh
Le Van Bang
Le Van Chau
Le Van Khoa
Le Van Tan
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Toan
Le Van Triet
Le Van Truyen
Le Van Tuyen
Le Van Uyen
Le Viet Dung
Le Vinh Tan
Le Vu Hung
Le Xuan Dinh
Le Xuan Trinh
LEANDRO R. MENDOZA
Lee Hsien Long
Lim Hng Kiang
Lim Jock Seng
Lo Thi Nhu
Luong Cuong
Luong Le Phuong
Luong Quoc Dung
Luong Tam Quang
Luong Thi Toi
Luong Van Tu
Luu Chan Dan
Luu Duc Huy
Luu Duc Sau
Luu Duc Tuyen
Luu Manh Tuong
Luu Tran Tieu
Macabangkit Lanto
Mai Ai Truc
Mai Liem Truc
Mai Luong Khoi
Mai Son
Mai Thi Thu Van
Mai Tien Dung
Mai Van Chinh
Mai Van Dau
Mai Xuan Thanh
MAJOR GENERAL THEIN SWE
Manuel M. Dayrit
Marcy Claudio Lopes
Mari Elka Pangestu
Maria Esther Reus Gonzalez
Martin Malvy
Maxim Alexandrovich Travnikov
MICHAEL KEENAN
Michael O. Leavitt
Miguel Angel Moratinos Cuyaube
Miguel Marin Bosch
Mike Penning
Mikulas BEK
Mingkwan Songsuwan
Mohammad Maruf
Muhyiddin Bin Mohammad Yassin
N.Ba-ga-Ban-di
NA-DA MA-LA-GOA-RA-CHI
Nam Viyaketh
Ngo Duy Hieu
Ngo Hai Phan
Ngo The Dan
Ngo Thi Kim Yen
Ngo Thi Minh
Ngo Xuan Hue
Ngo Xuan Lich
Ngo Xuan Loc
Nguen Hoang Tuan
Nguyen An Luong
Nguyen Anh Tuan
Nguyen Ba Hoan
Nguyen Bac Hai
Nguyen Bac Son
Nguyen Bich Dat
Nguyen Cam Tu
Nguyen Cao Luc
Nguyen Chi Dung
Nguyen Cong Binh
Nguyen Cong Dan
Nguyen Cong Nghiep
Nguyen Cong Su
Nguyen Cong Tan
Nguyen Cong Thanh
Nguyen Dai Thanh
Nguyen Dai Tri
Nguyen Danh Huy
Nguyen Danh Thai
Nguyen Dinh Bin
Nguyen Dinh Bong
Nguyen Dinh Khang
Nguyen Dinh Lieu
Nguyen Dinh Loc
Nguyen Dinh Toan
Nguyen Dong Tien
Nguyen Duc Chi
Nguyen Duc Chinh
Nguyen Duc Chung
Nguyen Duc Huy
Nguyen Duc Minh
Nguyen Duc Quang
Nguyen Duc Tam
Nguyen Duong Thai
Nguyen Duy Giang
Nguyen Duy Lam
Nguyen Duy Minh
Nguyen Duy Ngoc
Nguyen Duy Nien
Nguyen Duy Thang
Nguyen Dy Nien
Nguyen Hai Phong
Nguyen Hanh Phuc
Nguyen Hoa Binh
Nguyen Hoang Anh
Nguyen Hoang Hiep
Nguyen Hoang Long
Nguyen Hong Dien
Nguyen Hong Nhi
Nguyen Hong Quan
Nguyen Hong Truong
Nguyen Huu Chi
Nguyen Huu Do
Nguyen Huu Hoai
Nguyen Huu Hung
Nguyen Huu Nghiep
Nguyen Huu Tan
Nguyen Huu Tri
Nguyen Huu Vu
Nguyen Huy Ban
Nguyen Huy Dung
Nguyen Huy Hieu
Nguyen Huy Hoan
Nguyen Huy Luan
Nguyen Huy Tien
Nguyen Huy Tuong
Nguyen Khac Dinh
Nguyen Khanh
Nguyen Khanh Ngoc
Nguyen Khanh Toan
Nguyen Khoa Diem
Nguyen Kim Anh
Nguyen Kim Ly
Nguyen Kim Son
Nguyen Ky Cam
Nguyen Linh Ngoc
Nguyen Loc An
Nguyen Luong Trao
Nguyen Mai
Nguyen Manh Cam
Nguyen Manh Dong
Nguyen Manh Ha
Nguyen Manh Hien
Nguyen Manh Hung
Nguyen Manh Khuong
Nguyen Manh Kiem
Nguyen Minh Hien
Nguyen Minh Hong
Nguyen Minh Quang
Nguyen Minh Thao
Nguyen Minh Thong
Nguyen Minh Triet
Nguyen Minh Tuan
Nguyen Minh Vu
Nguyen Nam Binh
Nguyen Nam Hai
Nguyen Ngoc Bao
Nguyen Ngoc Canh
Nguyen Ngoc Dong
Nguyen Ngoc Hien
Nguyen Ngoc Hong
Nguyen Ngoc Lan
Nguyen Ngoc Phi
Nguyen Ngoc Thien
Nguyen Ngoc Tuan
Nguyen Ngoc Tuc
Nguyen Ngoc Vinh
Nguyen Nhac
Nguyen Nhat
Nguyen Nhat Kha
Nguyen Phu Binh
Nguyen Phu Trong
Nguyen Phuoc Thanh
Nguyen Phuong Nga
Nguyen Quan
Nguyen Quang Dung
Nguyen Quang Ha
Nguyen Quang Huy
Nguyen Que Huong
Nguyen Quoc Dung
Nguyen Quoc Huy
Nguyen Quoc Thanh
Nguyen Quoc Tri
Nguyen Quoc Trieu
Nguyen Sinh Hung
Nguyen Sinh Nhat Tan
Nguyen Son
Nguyen Sy Hiep
Nguyen Tam Chien
Nguyen Tan Dung
Nguyen Tan Trinh
Nguyen Tan Van
Nguyen Thac Giap
Nguyen Thai Binh
Nguyen Thai Duong
Nguyen Thai Lai
Nguyen Thanh
Nguyen Thanh Bien
Nguyen Thanh Cung
Nguyen Thanh Hoa
Nguyen Thanh Hung
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Long
Nguyen Thanh Nghi
Nguyen Thanh Phong
Nguyen Thanh Son
Nguyen Thanh Tinh
Nguyen The Manh
Nguyen The Phuong
Nguyen Thi Bich Ngoc
Nguyen Thi Cuc
Nguyen Thi Ha
Nguyen Thi Hang
Nguyen Thi Hanh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Anh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Lan
Nguyen Thi Hong
Nguyen Thi Hong Minh
Nguyen Thi Huong Lan
Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan
Nguyen Thi Kim Phung
Nguyen Thi Kim Tien
Nguyen Thi Le
Nguyen Thi Le Thanh
Nguyen Thi Lien Huong
Nguyen Thi Minh
Nguyen Thi Minh Nguyet
Nguyen Thi Nghia
Nguyen Thi Phuong Hoa
Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong
Nguyen Thi Thu
Nguyen Thi Thu Phuong
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Xuan Thu
Nguyen Thi Xuyen
Nguyen Thien Luan
Nguyen Thien Nhan
Nguyen Thuy Hien
Nguyen Tien Dinh
Nguyen Tien Dung
Nguyen Tien Hong
Nguyen Tien Sam
Nguyen Tien Trung
Nguyen Tien Truong
Nguyen Toan Thang
Nguyen Tran Nam
Nguyen Tri Thuc
Nguyen Tri Tue
Nguyen Trong Dam
Nguyen Trong Dieu
Nguyen Trong Du
Nguyen Trung Khanh
Nguyen Trung Kien
Nguyen Truong Son
Nguyen Tuong Van
Nguyen Van An
Nguyen Van Binh
Nguyen Van Cam
Nguyen Van Can
Nguyen Van Chi
Nguyen Van Cong
Nguyen Van Dang
Nguyen Van Duc
Nguyen Van Duoc
Nguyen Van Giau
Nguyen Van Hien
Nguyen Van Hieu
Nguyen Van Hoi
Nguyen Van Hong
Nguyen Van Hung
Nguyen Van Huong
Nguyen Van Khai
Nguyen Van Lien
Nguyen Van Long
Nguyen Van Nen
Nguyen Van Nganh
Nguyen Van Ngu
Nguyen Van Phuc
Nguyen Van Phung
Nguyen Van Rinh
Nguyen Van San
Nguyen Van Sanh
Nguyen Van Sinh
Nguyen Van Suu
Nguyen Van Thang
Nguyen Van Thanh
Nguyen Van The
Nguyen Van Tho
Nguyen Van Thuong
Nguyen Van Tien
Nguyen Van Trung
Nguyen Van Tung
Nguyen Van Vinh Chau
Nguyen Van Vong
Nguyen Vi Ninh
Nguyen Viet Hung
Nguyen Viet Thang
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Vinh Hien
Nguyen Xuan Chuan
Nguyen Xuan Cuong
Nguyen Xuan Duong
Nguyen Xuan Phuc
Nguyen Xuan Quang
Nguyen Xuan Sang
Nguyen Xuan Thanh
Nguyen Xuan Thao
Nguyen Xuan Thuy
Nicola Louise Roxon
Nong Duc Manh
Nong Phi Quang
Obaid Humaid Al Tayer
Oldemiro Julio Marques Baloi
Olga Algajerova
OsMan Giines
Pan Sorasak
Patrizia Toia
Paula Lehtomaki
Pedro Mejia Gomez
PEHIN DATO ABU BAKAR APONG
Peter B.Favila
Peter D. Garrucho
Peter Ricketts
Peter Szijjarto
Pham Binh Minh
Pham Cong Tac
Pham Duc Long
Pham Duy Anh
Pham Duy Khuong
Pham Gia Khiem
Pham Gia Tuc
Pham Hoang Duc
Pham Hong Giang
Pham Hong Ha
Pham Hong Hai
Pham Khoi Nguyen
Pham Le Tuan
Pham Manh Hung
Pham Manh Thang
Pham Minh Chinh
Pham Minh Ha
Pham Minh Huan
Pham Ngac
Pham Ngoc Thuong
Pham Quang Dung
Pham Quang Nghi
Pham Quang Ngoc
Pham Quang Tuyen
Pham Quang Vinh
Pham Quoc Anh
Pham Quoc Hung
Pham Quy Ngo
Pham Quy Tieu
Pham Quy Ty
Pham Si Chien
Pham Si Danh
Pham Sy Chung
Pham Sy Danh
Pham Thanh Binh
Pham Thanh Ha
Pham The Minh
Pham Thi Hai Chuyen
Pham Thi Thanh Tra
Pham Tien Dung
Pham Van Dinh
Pham Van Hau
Pham Van Huyen
Pham Van Khanh
Pham Van Phuong
Pham Van Tra
Pham Van Trong
Pham Vu Luan
Pham Xuan Tien
Phan Chi Hieu
Phan Khac Hai
Phan Quang Trung
Phan Tam
Phan Thai Dung
Phan The Rue
Phan Thi My Linh
Phan Thi Thang
Phan Tien Lan
Phan Trung Kien
Phan Van Anh
Phan Van Da
Phan Van Dinh
Phan Van Giang
Phan Van Khai
Phan Van Mai
Phan Van Men
Phan Van Tiem
Phan Van Trong
Phi Dang Minh
Phi Van Tuan
Pho-do-ri-co Gon-xa-let Phran-co
Phung Duc Tien
Phung Khac Ke
Phung Ngoc Hung
Phung Quang Thanh
Phung Xuan Nha
Phuong Huu Oanh
Pierre.S.Pettigrew
Pirapan Salirathavibhaga
Pra-Chuop Chai-Ya-San
Quach Dang Hoa
Rafael Catala Polo
Rafidah Aziz
Rashid Tussupbekov
RAYMOND LIM
Rini M.S. Soewandi
Rizalino S. Navarro
ROBERT PELIKAN
Ryszard Michalski
Saadi Salama
Sergey Lavrov
SOMMAD PHOLSENA
SOPHON ZARAM
Soulivong Daravong
SUSHILKUMAR SHINDE
T. Ariwibowo
Ta Anh Tuan
Ta Ca
Ta Manh Hung
Ta Quang Dong
Ta Quang Khanh
Ta Quang Ngoc
Ta Quoc Trung
Ta Thi Phuong Lan
Tan Sri Abdul Gani Patail
Tang Chi Thuong
Tao Huu Phung
TAUCH CHANKOSAL
Tea Varak
Thai Van Tai
Tharman Shanmugaratnam
Thi Van Tam
Thongbanh Sengaphone
Tibor Navracsics
To Anh Dung
To Lam
To Tu Ha
Tong Anh Hao
Tong Thi Minh
Tong Van Nga
Toshiko Abe
Tran Anh Tuan
Tran Chi Dao
Tran Chi Liem
Tran Chien Thang
Tran Cong Phan
Tran Dai Quang
Tran Dinh Duy
Tran Dinh Hoan
Tran Dinh Khoa
Tran Dinh Lieu
Tran Doan Tho
Tran Duc Lai
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Dung Ha
Tran Duy Dong
Tran Hanh
Tran Hiep Hung
Tran Hong Ha
Tran Lum
Tran Luu Quang
Tran Minh Phuc
Tran Minh Tuan
Tran Ngoc Binh
Tran Ngoc Liem
Tran Ngoc Thien
Tran Quan
Tran Quang Bao
Tran Quang Lam
Tran Quang Quy
Tran Quoc Khanh
Tran Quoc Phuong
Tran Quoc Thang
Tran Quy Kien
Tran Thanh Hai
Tran Thanh Man
Tran Thanh Nam
Tran The Ngoc
Tran Thi Thanh Binh
Tran Thi Thanh Thanh
Tran Thi Trung Chien
Tran Thu
Tran Tien Dung
Tran Tuan Anh
Tran Van Chung
Tran Van Dang
Tran Van Dung
Tran Van Hieu
Tran Van Son
Tran Van Ta
Tran Van Thuan
Tran Van Truyen
Tran Van Tu
Tran Van Tuan
Tran Van Tung
Tran Viet Tan
Tran Viet Thanh
Tran Vinh Tuyen
Tran Xuan Gia
Tran Xuan Ha
Trieu Van Be
Trinh Dinh Dung
Trinh Hong Duong
Trinh Quan Huan
Trinh Thi Thuy
Trinh To Tam
Trinh Xuan Truong
Truong Chi Trung
Truong Chinh
Truong Dinh Tuyen
Truong Hoa Binh
Truong Minh Tuan
Truong Quang Nghia
Truong Quoc Cuong
Truong Tan Sang
Truong Tan Vien
Truong Thanh Hoai
Truong Thi Mai
Truong Van Doan
Truong Vinh Trong
Ts. Hamid Awaludin
TSEND NYAMDORJ
U Khin Maung Win
U Soe Tha
Uong Chu Luu
Van Trong Ly
Vilay LAKHAMPHONG
Vince Henderson
Vitezslav Grepl
Vo Chi Cong
Vo Hong Phuc
Vo Minh Luong
Vo Thai Hoa
Vo Thanh Hung
Vo Tuan Nhan
Vo Van Hoan
Vo Van Hung
Vo Van Kiet
Vo Van Minh
Vo Van Thuong
Vu Bang
Vu Cao Cuong
Vu Chien Thang
Vu Duc Dam
Vu Dung
Vu Hai Quan
Vu Hai San
Vu Hong Khanh
Vu Hong Nam
Vu Hong Thuan
Vu Huy Hoang
Vu Khac Lien
Vu Khoan
Vu Le Quan
Vu Manh Ha
Vu Mong Giao
Vu Ngoc Anh
Vu Thi Lien
Vu Thi Mai
Vu Trong Hong
Vu Tuan Canh
Vu Tuan Cuong
Vu Van Ninh
Vu Van Tam
Vu Van Truong
Vuong Dinh Hue
Vy Trong Toan
Watana Muangsook
Yahya AKKURT
Yeo Cheow Tong
Yoon Young – Kwan
Yoriko Kawaguchi
Yrou Young - Kwan
Yury Nazaranka
Zafar Sh. Ruziev
Zdravko Marie
Zhakyp Assanov
Ziradin Jovanovic
Translation types
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
Summary
Content
Status
Vietnamese
Related documents
Diagram
Download
Bilingual Text
Please
log in
to your
Advanced Package
to view the full text. Do not have an account yet?
Register here
.
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Print
Share:
Text mode:
Light
|
Dark
Font size:
Send link to email
Send
Error message
Statistics Law, Law No. 89/2015/QH13
* Required information
Email
*
Content
*
Send
ATTRIBUTE Statistics Law
Law No. 89/2015/QH13 dated November 23, 2015 of the National Assembly on Statistics
Issuing body:
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
Effective date:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Official number:
89/2015/QH13
Signer:
Nguyen Sinh Hung
Type:
Law
Expiry date:
Updating
Issuing date:
23/11/2015
Effect status:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Fields:
Administration
SUMMARY
Prohibit declaring false information, distorting statistical data and information
One of the most important content prescribed at the Law on Statistics No. 89/2015/QH13 passed by the National Assembly on November 23, 2015 is the regulations on prohibited acts in state statistical activities and use of state statistical information.
Accordingly, the Law Prohibited acts in state statistical activities and use of state statistical information include  declaring false information, distorting statistical data and information; intervening, forcing, imposing, corrupting, threatening or seducing other persons to provide false information or distort statistical data and information or use statistical information;  failing to properly implement regulations of statistical survey plans, statistical reporting regimes, and use of administrative data for statistical activities; and modifying information when conducting statistical surveys, making statistical reports, or providing information from administrative data; reporting, publicizing or disseminating inaccurate statistical information; disclosing statistical information on the list of state secrets; disclosing statistical data and information not yet publicized; using data and information of agencies, organizations and individuals not for statistical purposes without the consent of such agencies, organizations and individuals…
State statistical information which must be kept secret includes statistical information associated with the names and/or addresses of specific organizations or individuals, unless such organizations or individuals so agree or otherwise provided by law; statistical information not yet publicized by competent persons; statistical information on the list of state secrets.
State agencies shall use state statistical information already publicized to evaluate and forecast the situation, draw up strategies, formulate plans and policies, manage and administer socio-economic development, and conduct inspection, examination and supervision. Agencies, organizations and individuals shall use state statistical information already publicized to serve their operations…
This Law takes effect on July 01, 2016.
For more details,
click here.
Download files
here.
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
Effect status:
Known
The Effect status of this document is known.This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to view Effect status. Don’t have an account?
Register here
THE
PRESID
ENT
No.   17/2015/L-CTN
THE   SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Independence - Freedom - Happiness
Hanoi,   December 4, 2015
ORDER
On the promulgation of law
[1]
THE PRESIDENT OF THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Pursuant to Articles 88 and 91 of the Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam;
Pursuant to Article 91 of the Law on Organization of the National Assembly;
Pursuant to Article 57 of the Law on Promulgation of Legal Documents,
PROMULGATES
The Statistics Law,
Which was passed on November 23, 2015, by the XIII
th
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam at its 10
th
session.
President of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
TRUONG TAN SANG
THE   NATIONAL
ASSEMBLY
No.   89/2015/QH13
THE   SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Independence - Freedom - Happiness
STATISTICS LAW
[2]
Pursuant to the Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam;
The National Assembly promulgates the Statistics Law.
Chapter I
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Article 1.
Scope of regulation
This Law provides for statistical activities and use of state statistical information; rights, obligations and responsibilities of agencies, organizations and individuals in statistical activities and use of state statistical information; state statistics organizations, and statistical activities and use of statistical information outside the state statistical program.
Article 2.
Subjects of application
This Law applies to agencies, organizations and individuals that provide information, conduct statistical activities or use statistical information.
Article 3.
Interpretation of terms
In this Law, the terms below are construed as follows:
1.
Statistical report
means forms and form filling guidance used to collect statistical data and information on a specific subject of study according to unified scientific methods specified in a statistical reporting regime applied in a certain period.
2.
Statistical reporting regime
means regulations and guidance on the making of a set of interrelated statistical reports to sum up statistical indicators belonging to a system of statistical indicators as well as other statistical information to serve the state management, which are promulgated by competent state agencies.
3.
Statistical indicator
reflects the scale or speed of development, the structure, commonness or proportional relationship of part or the whole of a socio-economic phenomenon under particular spatial and temporal conditions. A statistical indicator is composed of its name and numeric value.
4.
Statistical program
means a document approved by a state competent agency, covering systems of statistical indicators, statistical survey programs, statistical reporting regimes and other programs related to statistical activities.
5.
Statistical database
means a combination of interrelated statistical data and information which are arranged and organized in a certain structure for management, updating and operation, serving statistical purposes and other purposes in accordance with law. Statistical databases are formed mainly from statistical data and information of statistical surveys, administrative dossiers, statistical reports, national databases and databases of ministries, sectors and localities.
6.
Administrative data
means state agencies’ data which are recorded, stored and updated in printed or electronic administrative dossiers.
7.
Statistical data
mean quantitative and qualitative data constituting statistical information on the studied phenomenon.
8.
Statistical survey
means a form of collection of statistical data and information on a specific subject of study according to a unified scientific method specified under the statistical survey plan made on a case-by-case basis.
9.
Statistical-survey conductor
means a person requested or mobilized by a statistical survey-conducting agency or organization to collect information for a statistical survey.
10.
Statistical indicator system
means a combination of statistical indicators reflecting the characteristics of a socio-economic phenomenon.
A statistical indicator system includes a list of statistical indicators and their contents. The list of statistical indicators comprises indicators’ codes, groups and names. The contents of a statistical indicator comprise the definition, method of calculation, main groupings, period of announcement and data sources of the statistical indicator, and the agency in charge of collection and summarization.
11.
Statistical activities
mean activities of determining demands for to-be-collected information; preparing for the collection of, collecting, processing and summing up, analyzing and forecasting, and publicizing, disseminating and storing statistical information on studied phenomena under particular spatial and temporal conditions.
12.
Statistical activities outside the state statistical program
mean statistical activities conducted by organizations and individuals outside the statistical program.
13.
State statistical activities
mean statistical activities conducted by state statistics organizations or competent state agencies or other organizations entrusted by state statistics organizations or competent state agencies under the statistical program.
14.
Statistical classification
means the classification of a studied phenomenon into components and arrangement of its factors in separate and non-identical components, based on one or some characteristics of such factors. Statistical classifications include inventories of statistical classifications and their contents. A statistical classification inventory comprises codes and names of each component. The contents of a statistical classification comprise factors arranged in each component.
15.
Official statistical data
means statistical data completely and accurately reflecting the result of a socio-economic phenomenon already occurred at a specific time in a specific place, which have been processed, summarized, appraised and affirmed.
16.
Preliminary statistical data
means statistical data completely reflecting the result of a socio-economic phenomenon already occurred at a specific time in a specific place, which, however, have not yet been affirmed and require further appraisal and review.
17.
Estimated statistical data
means statistical data estimating the entire result of an ongoing socio-economic phenomenon, which are calculated on the basis of summarizing data of the previous period and updated with the reality and data of the future period according to specialized methods.
18.
Statistical information
means statistical data which are processed, summarized and analyzed according to statistical methods, processes and professional operations to reflect the characteristics and properties of a studied phenomenon. Statistical information includes statistical data and data analysis documents.
19.
State statistical information
means statistical information created through state statistical activities, which has legal validity and is announced by competent state agencies.
20.
General statistical survey
means a statistical survey to collect statistical data and information from surveyed subjects nationwide, which is related to several sectors and levels.
Article 4.
Purposes of statistical activities
1. State statistical activities aim to provide statistical information for the following purposes:
a/ To meet the requirements for assessing and forecasting the situation, drawing up strategies, formulating plans, master plans and policies, and managing and administering  socio-economic development;
b/ To meet the requirements for examination and supervision of the implementation of socio-economic strategies, plans and policies;
c/ To meet the demand for statistical information of agencies, organizations and individuals.
2. Statistical activities outside the state statistical program aim to provide statistical information serving the study, production and business of organizations and individuals and other lawful and legitimate demands.
Article 5.
Basic principles of statistical activities and use of statistical data and information
1. Basic principles of state statistical activities include:
a/ Truthfulness, objectivity, accuracy, completeness and timeliness;
b/ Independence in professional statistical operations;
c/ Uniformity in term of professional operations without any repetitions or overlaps;
d/ Publicity and transparency;
dd/ Comparability.
2. Basic principles of statistical activities outside the state statistical program include:
a/ The principles specified at Points a, b and c, Clause 1 of this Article;
b/ Voluntariness and accountability;
c/ Not to infringe upon national interests, and lawful rights and interests of agencies, organizations and individuals.
3. Basic principles of use of statistical data and information include:
c/ To cite sources of used statistical data and information;
b/ Equality in access to, and use of, state statistical data and information already announced;
c/ Assurance of confidentiality of statistical data and information in accordance with law.
Article 6.
State management of statistics
1. To formulate, and organize the implementation of, strategies, master plans, plans and policies on development of statistical activities.
2. To elaborate, promulgate, and organize the implementation of, legal documents on statistics;
3. To conduct dissemination and education of the statistics law;
4. To build up state statistics organizations, provide training and retraining in statistical operations;
5. To organize scientific researches and application of advanced statistical methods and information technologies to statistical activities;
6. To undertake international cooperation on statistics;
7. To inspect and examine the observance of the statistics law, and handle violations of the statistics law;
8. To settle statistics-related complaints and denunciations.
Article 7.
State management agencies of statistics
1. The Government shall perform the unified state management of statistics.
2. The Ministry of Planning and Investment shall take responsibility before the Government for the unified state management of statistics.
3. Ministries and ministerial-level agencies shall, within the scope of their tasks and powers, perform the state management of statistics in the sectors and fields under their charge.
4. People’s Committees at all levels shall, within the scope of their tasks and powers, perform the state management of statistics in their localities.
Article 8.
Specialized statistics inspection
1. A specialized statistics inspection means inspection by competent state agencies of organizations and individuals in the observation of the statistics law, and professional regulations of the statistics sector.
The central statistics agency shall direct and organize the implementation of specialized statistics inspection nationwide.
Concentrated statistics agencies in provinces and centrally-run cities (below referred to as provincial-level statistics agencies) shall implement specialized statistics inspection in localities.
2. A specialized statistics inspectorate has the following tasks and powers:
a/ To inspect  agencies’, organizations’ and localities’ observance of the statistics law and professional regulations of the statistics sector;
b/ To detect, prevent and handle according to its competence, or propose competent authorities to handle, statistics law-related violations.
3. The operation of specialized statistics inspectorates, and rights and obligations of heads of inspection teams, inspectors and civil servants assigned to conduct specialized statistics inspection shall comply with the statistics law.
4. The Government shall stipulate in detail specialized statistics inspection.
Article 9.
Funds for statistical activities
1. The State shall ensure funds for state statistical activities. The management, allocation and use of the funds for statistical activities must comply with the state budget law.
2. Funds for statistical activities outside the state statistical program shall be covered by organizations and individuals conducting such statistical activities.
Article 10.
Prohibited acts in statistical activities
1. Prohibited acts in state statistical activities and use of state statistical information include:
a/  Failing to provide, failing to adequately, accurately or timely provide, or obstructing the provision of, information under statistical survey plans and statistical reporting regimes, or from administrative data as decided by state competent agencies;
b/ Declaring false information, distorting statistical data and information;
c/ Intervening, forcing, imposing, corrupting, threatening or seducing other persons to provide false information or distort statistical data and information or use statistical information;
d/ Failing to properly implement regulations of statistical survey plans, statistical reporting regimes, and use of administrative data for statistical activities; and modifying information when conducting statistical surveys, making statistical reports, or providing information from administrative data;
dd/ Reporting, publicizing or disseminating inaccurate statistical information;
e/ Disclosing statistical information on the list of state secrets; disclosing statistical data and information not yet publicized; using data and information of agencies, organizations and individuals not for statistical purposes without the consent of such agencies, organizations and individuals;
g/ Deciding on statistical surveys or promulgating statistical reporting regimes in contravention of the statistics law.
2. Prohibited acts in state statistical activities outside the state statistical program and use of such information include:
a/ The acts specified at Points b, c and e, Clause 1 of this Article;
b/ Collecting and disseminating statistical information on the list of state secrets, infringing upon the State’s interests or lawful rights and interests of organizations and individuals.
Article 11.
Handling of violations
Those who commit acts of violating the statistics law shall, depending on the nature and seriousness of their violations, be disciplined, administratively sanctioned or examined for penal liability; and, if causing damage, pay compensation therefor in accordance with law.
Chapter II
SYSTEM OF STATE STATISTICAL INFORMATION
Article 12.
System of state statistical information
1. The national statistical information system.
2. The statistical information systems of ministries, ministerial-level agencies, government-attached agencies, the Supreme People’s Court, the Supreme People’s Procuracy, and the State Audit Office of Vietnam (below referred to as ministries and sectors).
3. The provincial-level system of statistical information.
4. The district-level system of statistical information.
Article 13.
The national statistical information system
1. The national statistical information system reflects the major socio-economic situation nationwide.
2. The statistical information of the national statistical information system includes:
a/ Statistical information collected by centralized statistics organizations;
b/ Statistical information collected and provided by ministries and sectors to the central statistics agency for summarization.
3. The Minister of Planning and Investment shall assume the prime responsibility for formulating and uniformly managing the national statistical information system, and the provincial- and district-level statistical information systems; and organize and coordinate the connection and provision of data and information among state statistical information systems.
Article 14.
Statistical information systems of ministries and sectors
1. The statistical information system of a ministry or sector reflects the major socio-economic situation of the relevant sector or field.
2. The statistical information of the statistical information system of a ministry or sector include:
a/ Statistical information collected by the ministry or sector;
b/ Statistical information complied and provided to the ministry or sector for summarization by specialized agencies of provincial-level People’s Committees, the Supreme People’s Court, provincial-level People’s Courts, the Supreme People’s Procuracy, and provincial-level People’s Procuracies.
3. Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies and government-attached agencies, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy and the State Auditor General shall assume the prime responsibility for formulating and managing the statistical information systems of their ministries and sectors.
Article 15.
Provincial-level statistical information systems
1. A provincial-level statistical information system reflects the major socio-economic situation of the relevant provincial-level administrative unit.
2. A provincial-level statistical information system includes:
a/ Statistical information collected by the provincial-level statistics agency;
b/ Statistical information collected and provided to the provincial-level statistics agency for summarization by specialized agencies of the provincial-level People’s Committee, the provincial-level People’s Court, the provincial-level People’s Procuracy, and specialized agencies of ministries and ministerial-level agencies at the provincial-level administrative unit.
3. Heads of provincial-level statistics agencies shall assume the prime responsibility for managing provincial-level statistical information systems.
Heads of the agencies mentioned at Point b, Clause 2 of this Article shall assume the prime responsibility for managing statistical information within the sectors and fields under their charge.
Article 16.
District-level statistical information systems
1. A district-level statistical information system includes:
a/ Statistical information collected by the centralized statistical agency of the district-level administrative unit (below referred to as a district-level statistics agency);
b/ Statistical information collected and provided to the district-level statistics agency for summarization by specialized agencies of the district-level People’s Committee, the district-level People’s Court, the district-level People’s Procuracy, specialized agencies of ministries and ministerial-level agencies at the district-level administrative unit and the commune-level People’s Committees.
2. Heads of district-level statistics agencies shall assume the prime responsibility for managing district-level statistical information systems.
Heads of the agencies mentioned at Point b, Clause 1 of this Article shall assume the prime responsibility for managing statistical information within the sectors and fields under their charge.
Article 17.
The national statistical indicator system
1. The national statistical indicator system is a combination of major statistical indicators issued by competent state agencies to collect statistical information to form the national statistical information system.
2. The formulation of the national statistical indicator system must comply with the following requirements:
a/ To reflect the national socio-economic situation;
b/ To suit Vietnam’s realities;
c/ To comply with international standards;
3. The national statistical indicator system includes:
a/ National statistical indicators conducted by the centralized statistics organization system;
b/ National statistical indicators conducted by assigned ministries and sectors.
4. The list of national statistical indicators is provided in the Appendix to this Law.
5. The national statistical indicator system shall serve as the ground for assignment of ministries and sectors to take charge of, as well as the coordination among them in, formulation of the national statistical survey program, use of administrative data for statistical activities, statistical reporting regimes and other programs related to statistical activities.
6. The Ministry of Planning and Investment shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with ministries and sectors in, formulating and submitting to the Government for promulgation contents of statistical indicators belonging to the national statistical indicator system; and guide, examine and report on the results of formulation of the national statistical indicator system.
Article 18.
Adjustment and supplementation of the list of national statistical indicators
Based on socio-economic development tasks, requirements for state management and international integration in each period, the Government shall review and propose the National Assembly to adjust or supplement the list of national statistical indicators according to the fast-track procedures.
Article 19.
Ministerial and sectoral statistical indicator systems
1. A statistical indicator system of a ministry or sector means a combination of statistical indicators issued by the minister, head of the ministerial-level agency, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy or the State Auditor General to collect statistical information to form the statistical indicator system of such ministry or sector.
2. A ministerial or sectoral statistical indicator system includes:
a/ Ministerial or sectoral statistical indicators conducted by the ministry or sector;
b/ Ministerial or sectoral statistical indicators conducted by related ministries, sectors, government-attached agencies, the Supreme People’s Court and the Supreme People’s Procuracy according to management requirements of sectors and fields;
c/ Ministerial and sectoral statistical indicators conducted and provided by the ministry or sector for summarization by specialized agencies of provincial-level People’s Committees, provincial-level People’s Courts, provincial-level People’s Procuracies, and specialized agencies of ministries and ministerial-level agencies at provincial-level administrative units.
3. Ministerial and sectoral statistical indicator systems shall be formulated in conformity with the national statistical indicator system and international practice. Ministerial and sectoral statistical indicator systems serve as the ground for assignment of state agencies to take charge of, as well as coordination among them in, formulation of statistical survey programs, use of administrative data for statistical data and statistical reporting regimes at the ministerial and sectoral level.
4. Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy and the State Auditor General shall promulgate ministerial and sectoral statistical indicator systems in the sectors and fields under their charge.
5. Government-attached agencies shall formulate and submit statistical indicators in the fields under their charge to ministers and heads of ministerial-level agencies performing state management of the sectors and fields under their charge.
Article 20.
Appraisal of ministerial and sectoral statistical indicator systems
1. Ministerial and sectoral statistical indicator systems shall be professionally appraised by central statistics agencies before promulgation.
2. An appraisal dossier comprises:
a/ A request for appraisal;
b/ The draft list of statistical indicators;
c/ The draft statistical indicator contents.
3. To-be-appraised contents of include indicators’ purposes; groups and names of indicators; concepts; methods calculation; main groupings; period of announcement; and data sources.
4. The time limit for appraisal is 20 days after an appraisal agency receives a complete dossier.
5. Ministries and sectors shall study and send to central statistics agencies written explanations clearly stating contents of appraisal opinions they agreed or disagreed with, and finalize and promulgate ministerial and sectoral statistical indicator systems. Ministers, heads of ministerial-level, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy and State Auditor General shall be held responsible for statistical indicator systems they promulgate.
Article 21.
Adjustment and supplementation of ministerial and sectoral systems of statistical indicators
1. Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy and the State Auditor General shall adjust or supplement their ministerial or sectoral systems of statistical indicators in conformity with the adjustment or supplementation of relevant statistical indicators in the national system of statistical indicators and meet the management requirements of their ministries or sectors.
2. Ministerial and sectoral statistical indicators which are adjusted or supplemented shall be professionally appraised by the central statistics agencies before promulgation.
The appraisal must comply with  Article 20 of this Law.
Article 22.
Provincial-, district- and commune-level systems of statistical indicators
1. A provincial-level system of statistical indicators is a combination of statistical indicators to form the national system statistical information and provincial-level systems of statistical information.
A district-level system of statistical indicators is a combination of statistical indicators to form provincial- and district-level statistical information systems.
A commune-level system of statistical indicators is  a combination of statistical indicators to form district-level statistical information systems.
2. Provincial-, district- and commune-level systems of statistical indicators shall serve as a basis for the assignment of state agencies to take charge of statistical activities at each level as well as the coordination among such agencies and for formulation of ministerial- and sectoral-level statistical reporting regimes.
3. Provincial-, district- and commune-level systems of statistical indicators shall be formed in conformity with the national system of statistical indicators and management requirements of localities.
4. The Ministry of Planning and Investment has the following responsibilities:
a/ To form provincial-, district- and commune-level systems statistical indicators and submit them to the Prime Minister for promulgation, adjustment or supplementation;
b/ To guide, inspect and report on results of implementation of provincial-, district- and commune-level systems of statistical indicators.
Article 23.
Statistical classifications
1. Statistical classifications shall be uniformly used in state statistical activities and serve as a basis for uniform use in state administration.
2. Statistical classifications include:
a/ National statistical classifications;
b/ Sectoral statistical classifications.
Article 24.
National statistical classifications
1. National statistical classifications are statistical classifications which are commonly applied to many sectors and fields nationwide.
2. National statistical classifications include:
a/ System of economic sectors;
b/ System of product lines;
c/ List of imported and exported goods;
d/ List of imported and exported services;
dd/ List of administrative units;
e/ List of regions;
g/ List of occupations;
h/ List of education and training;
i/ List of Vietnamese ethnic groups;
k/ List of religions in Vietnam;
l/ Other national statistical classifications.
3. National statistical classifications shall be formulated in conformity with national practices and Vietnam’s realities and used in state statistical activities, formation of the administrative registration system, building of national, ministerial, sectoral and local databases, and other related state management activities.
4. The Ministry of Planning and Investment shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with ministries and sectors in, formulating and submitting to the Prime Minister for promulgation the inventory and contents of national statistical classifications.
Article 25.
Sectoral statistical classifications
1. Sectoral statistical classifications are statistical classifications which are applied to sectors and fields and conform with the relevant national statistical classifications.
2. Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy and the State Auditor General shall promulgate sectoral statistical classifications other than national statistical classifications in the sectors and fields under their charge.
3. Government-attached agencies shall formulate sectoral statistical classifications in the fields under their charge for submission to ministers and heads of ministerial-level agencies performing the state management of relevant sectors and fields for promulgation.
Article 26.
Appraisal of sectoral statistical classifications
1. Sectoral statistical classifications shall be professionally appraised by the central statistics agency before promulgation.
2. A dossier of appraisal must comprise a written request for appraisal and tbe draft statistical classification.
3. To-be-appraised contents cover the objectives, grounds, scope and unit of the statistical classification.
4. The time limit for appraisal is 20 days after an appraisal agency receives a complete appraisal dossier.
5. The ministry or sector shall study and send to the central statistics agency a written explanation clearly stating contents of the appraial opinions it agrees or disagrees with, and modify and promulgate the sectoral statistical classification. Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy and the State Auditor General shall be held responsible for sectoral statistical classifications they promulgate.
Chapter III
COLLECTION OF STATE STATISTICAL INFORMATION
Section 1
STATISTICAL SURVEYS
Article 27.
Types of statistical surveys
1. National general statistical surveys and statistical surveys under the national statistical survey program.
2. Statistical surveys outside the national statistical survey program.
Article 28.
National statistical survey programs
1. The national statistical survey program shall be decided by the Prime Minister and conducted on a periodical basis to collect major information to serve the summarization of statistical indicators belonging to the national system of statistical indicators.
The national statistical survey program shall have its name, purposes, subjects, units, types, and contents of survey, survey period and time, managing agency and coordinating agencies
2. The Ministry of Planning and Investment shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with ministries and sectors in, fulfilling the following tasks:
a/ To formulate the national statistical survey program and submit it to the Prime Minister for promulgation, adjustment or supplementation;
b/ To guide, inspect and report on the implementation results of the national statistical program.
3. The competence to decide to conduct surveys under the national statistical survey program is prescribed as follows:
a/ The Prime Minister shall decide to conduct national general statistical surveys;
b/ Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies, heads of government-attached agencies, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy and the State Auditor General shall decide to conduct statistical surveys as assigned in the national statistical survey program.
Article 29.
National general statistical surveys
1. National general statistical surveys include:
a/ General survey on population and housing;
b/ General survey on rural areas and agriculture;
c/ General economic survey;
d/ Other national general statistical surveys.
2. Agencies conducting national general statistical surveys include:
a/ The central statistics agency shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with ministries, sectors and localities in, conducting the general surveys prescribed at Points a, b and c, Clause 1 of this Article;
b/ The Prime Minister shall assign agencies to conduct the general surveys prescribed at Point d, Clause 1 of this Article;
c/ The Ministry of Planning and Investment shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with ministries and sectors in, formulating national general statistical surveys and submitting them to the Prime Minister for adjustment or supplementation.
Article 30.
Statistical surveys outside the national statistical survey program
1. Statistical surveys outside the national statistical survey program include:
a/ Extraordinary statistical surveys upon occurrence of natural disasters, epidemics or other extraordinary cases;
b/ Statistical surveys to collect information on statistical indicators in the sectors and fields under the charge of a ministry or sector, which, however, do not belong to the national system of statistical indicators, to meet management requirements of such ministry or sector;
c/ Statistical surveys to collect specific information to meet management requirements of provincial-level People’s Committees.
2. The competence to decide on statistical surveys outside the national statistical survey program is prescribed as follows:
a/ Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies, heads of government-attached agencies, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy and the State Auditor General shall decide on, and organize the implementation of, the statistical surveys prescribed at Point a and b, Clause 1 of this Article;
b/ Chairpersons of provincial-level People’s Committees shall decide on, and organize the implementation of, the statistical surveys prescribed at Point c, Clause 1 of this Article.
Article 31.
Statistical survey plans
1. Each statistical survey must have a plan which shall be promulgated together with the  decision on the statistical survey of a competent state agency.
2. A statistical survey plan shall have the following principal contents:
a/ Purposes and requirements of the survey;
b/ Scope, subjects and unit of the survey;
c/ Type of the survey;
d/ Survey time, period and methods;
dd/ Survey contents and questionnaire;
e/ Statistical classifications used in the survey;
g/ Process of processing and survey result charts;
h/ Plan to conduct the survey;
i/ Organization conducting the survey;
k/ Funds and physical conditions for the survey.
Article 32.
Appraisal of statistical survey plans
1. For a statistical survey under the national statistical survey program which is conducted by a ministry or sector or a statistical survey prescribed in Clause 1, Article 30 of this Law, its statistical survey plan shall be professionally appraised by the central statistics agency before promulgation.
2. A dossier of appraisal must comprise a written request for appraisal and a draft statistical survey plan.
3. To-be-appraised contents include purposes, scope, subjects and unit of the survey; type of the survey; survey time, period,  methods; survey contents and questionnaire, and the statistical classification used in the survey.
4. The time limit for appraisal is 20 days after the appraisal agency receives a complete dossier. For a statistical survey plan prescribed at Point a, Clause 1, Article 30 of this Law, the appraisal time limit is 5 working days.
5. The ministry, sector or provincial-level People’s Committee shall study and send to the central statistics agency written explanations clearly stating contents of appraisal opinions which it agrees or disagrees with and modify and promulgate the statistical survey plan. Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy and the State Auditor General shall be held responsible for statistical survey plans they promulgated.
Article 33.
Rights and obligations of organizations and individuals being statistical-survey respondents
1. Organizations and individuals being respondents in a statistical survey have the following rights:
a/ To be informed of the decision, purposes, requirements, scope, principal contents and duration of the survey;
b/ To have the information they provided to statistical-survey conductors kept confidential according to Article 57 of this Law;
c/ To lodge complaints and denunciations against acts of violation of the law on statistical surveys.
2. Organizations and individuals being respondents in a statistical survey have the following obligations:
a/ To truthfully, accurately, fully and timele provide information requested by statistical-survey conductors or the agency conducting the survey;
b/ Not to refuse or prevent the provision of information for the survey;
c/ To be subject to examination by the agency conducting the survey and specialized statistics inspectorates with regard to the information they provided.
Article 34.
Rights and obligations of statistical-survey conductors
1. Statistical-survey conductors have the following rights:
a/ To be professionally independent in fufilling the task of collecting information according to statistical survey plans and guidance of survey-conducting agencies;
b/ To be professionally trained in statistical surveys and equipped with means to serve  the information collection, and to enjoy remuneration;
c/ To request subjects of statistical surveys to provide information according to statistical survey plans and guidance of survey-conducting agencies.
2. Statistical-survey conductors have the following obligations:
a/ To collect information according to statistical survey plans and guidance of survey-conducting agencies;
b/ To keep confidential information collected from organizations and individuals statistical-survey respondents;
c/ To hand over documents and survey questionnaires according to the guidance of survey-conducting agencies.
Article 35.
Responsibilities of statistical survey-conducting agencies
1. To formulate statistical survey plans.
2. To direct, organize, supervise and inspect the implementation of statistical survey plans.
3. To inspect the provision of information by organizations and individuals being statistical-survey respondents.
4. To summarize, analyze and announce statistical survey results.
5. To keep coinfidential collected statistical information.
6. Statistical survey results shall be reported to agencies under the system of centralized statistics organizations as follows:
a/ Agencies conducting the statistical surveys prescribed at Points a and b, Clause 1, Article 30 of this Law shall report statistical survey results to the central statistics agency;
b/ Agencies conducting the statistical surveys prescribed at Point c, Clause 1, Article 30 of this Law shall report statistical survey results to provincial-level statistics agencies.
Section 2
USE OF ADMINISTRATIVE DATA FOR STATE STATISTICAL ACTIVITIES
Article 36.
Use of administrative data for state statistical activities
1. Use of administrative data for state statistical activities is a form of collecting statistical data and information on specific subjects of study from administrative data. Administrative data used in state statistical activities are statistical data.
2. Contents of use of administrative data for state statistical activities include:
a/ Summarizing statistical data, compiling statistical indicators and making reports according to statistical reporting regimes;
b/ Formulating and updating forms for statistical surveys;
c/ Building and updating statistical databases.
3. Administrative databases used in state statistical activities include:
a/ Human-related databases;
b/ Land-related databases;
c/ Databases on economic establishments;
d/ Tax-related databases;
dd/ Custom-related databases;
e/ Insurance-related databases;
g/ Other administrative databases;
4. The State shall give priority for the building of administrative databases to meet management requirements and serve state statistical activities.
Article 37.
Provision of data in databases for state statistical activities
1. Data in the databases prescribed in Clause 3, Article 36 of this Law which are provided for state statistical activities include:
a/ List of relevant data fields and data;
b/ Data format, definition and relevant propẻtíe of data fields;
c/ Methods, frequencies and time of data provision.
2. Conditions to ensure the provision and receipt of data include information infrastructure, human resources and finance.
3. The central statistics agency shall coordinate with administrative database-managing agencies in specifying the contents prescribed in Clause 1 of this Article.
Article 38.
Tasks and obligations of administrative database-managing agencies
1. To formulate administrative databases to meet management requirements of sectors and fields and serve state statistical activities.
2. To provide data and information in the databases they are managing to the central statistics agency in accordance with this Law.
3. To refuse requests for provision of data and information from the databases they are managing if such requests are contrary to law.
Article 39.
Tasks and obligations of the central statistics agency in management and use of administrative data
1. To receive, manage and use data and information from administrative databases provided by data-managing agencies for state statistical activities.
2. To ensure the confidentiality of information according to Article 57 of this Law.
3. Not to provide to third parties data and information received from administrative databases, unless agencies managing such databases so agree.
Section 3
STATISTICAL REPORTING REGIMES
Article 40.
Statistical reporting regimes
1. Statistical reporting regimes include:
a/ National-level statistical reporting regimes;
b/ Ministerial- and sectoral-level statistical reporting regimes.
2. The contents of a statistical reporting regime include purposes and scope of statistics, subjects of application, reporting units, report-receiving units, form codes, reporting period, report-receiving deadline, report-sending methods, statistical report forms and form explanation.
Article 41.
National-level statistical reporting regimes
1. National-level statistical reporting regimes shall be implemented to collect statistical information belonging to the national system of statistical indicators.
2. Agencies and organizations implementing the national-level statistical reporting regimes include:
a/ Ministries, sectors; central agencies of political organizations and socio-political organizations;
b/ Other agencies and organizations as prescribed by law.
3. The Government shall stipulate in detail the contents of national-level statistical reporting regimes.
Article 42.
Ministerial- and sectoral-level statistical reporting regimes
1. Ministerial- and sectoral-level statistical reporting regimes shall be implemented to collect statistical information beloning to the national sytem of statistical indicators  ministerial and sectoral systems of statistical indicators, provincial- and district-level systems of statistical indicators and to summarize other statistical information to meet management requirements of sectors and fields.
2. Agencies and organizations implementing ministerial- and sectoral-level statistical reporting regimes include:
a/ Professional agencies of provincial- and district-level People’s Committees; provincial- and district-level People’s Courts and People’s Procuracies; professional agencies of ministries or ministerial-level agencies which are located in localities;
b/ Other agencies and organizations as prescribed by law.
3. The competence to promulgate ministerial- and sectoral-level statistical reporting regimes is prescribed as follows:
a/ Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy and the State Auditor General shall promulgate ministerial- and sectoral-level statistical reporting regimes;
b/ Government-attached agencies shall formulate ministerial- and sectoral-level statistical reporting regimes applicable to the fields under their charge and report them to ministers or heads of ministerial-level agencies managing the relevant sectors and fields for promulgation.
Article 43.
Appraisal of ministerial- and sectoral-level statistical reporting regimes
1. Ministerial- and sectoral-level statistical reporting regimes shall be professionally appraised by the central statistics agency before promulgation.
2. A dossier for appraisal must comprise a written request for appraisal and the draft  document and report forms and explanations thereof.
3. To-be-appraised contents include objectives, subjects of application, scope of information collection and summarization, report forms and explanations thereof.
4. The time limit for appraisal is 20 days after an appraisal agency receives a complete dossier for appraisal.
5. The ministry or sector shall study and send to the central statistics agency a written explanation clearly stating contents of appraisal opinions which it agrees or disagrees with, and modify and promulgate the ministerial- and sectoral-level statistical reporting regime. Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy and the State Auditor General shall be held responsible for the ministerial- and sectoral-level statistical reporting regimes they promulgate.
Article 44.
Rights and obligations of agencies and organizations implementing statistical reporting regimes
1. Agencies and organizations implementing statistical reporting regimes have the following rights:
a/ To be professionally independent in performing the task of collection and summarization of statistical information;
b/ To be provided with professional guidance for application of statistical reporting regimes;
c/ To be provided with and use data from administrative databases managed by relevant state agencies for summarization of statistical data;
d/ To lodge complaints against administrative decisions and administrative acts when having grounds to believe that such decisions or acts violate statistical reporting regimes.
2. Agencies and organizations implementing statistical reporting regimes have the following obligations:
a/ To collect and summarize data, make and submit reports according to statistical reporting regimes and guidance of competent state agencies; to take responsibility for the accuracy of statistical information;
b/ To keep secret information relating to agencies, organizations and individuals in the course of implementing statistical reporting regimes;
c/ Not to refuse or obstruct the implementation of statistical reporting regimes;
d/ To submit to professional inspection of report-receiving agencies;
dd/ To submit to professional examination and inspection of specialized statistical inspectorates.
Chapter IV
STATISTICAL ANALYSIS AND FORECAST, PUBLICIZATION AND  DISSEMINATION OF STATE STATISTICAL INFORMATION
Article 45.
Statistical analysis and forecast
1. Statistical analysis and forecast serve the formulation and evaluation of the implementation of socio-economic development strategies, policies and plans.
2. Statistical analysis aims to clarify particular characteristics of a socio-economic phenomenon; change and factors of influence, role and reciprocal impacts of each factor on the phenomenon according to temporal and spatial conditions. Statistical forecast aims to predict the development trend of a socio-economic phenomenon.
3. Statistical analysis and forecast shall be conducted in a truthful, objective and comprehensive manner on the basis of statistical information which have been collected, summarized, stored and systematized, and the development of actual situation.
4. Agencies belonging to the system of state statistics organizations shall conduct statistical analysis and forecast according to statistical programs.
Article 46.
Responsibilities of ministries and sectors for statistical indicators within the national system of statistical indicators
1. Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies and government-attached agencies, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy and the State Auditor General shall take responsibility for statistical data belonging to the national system of statistical indicators, which they are assigned to collect and summarize.
2. Ministries and sectors shall collect and summarize statistical data belonging to the national system of statistical indicators as assigned and send appraisal dossiers according to Clause 1, Article 47 of this Law to the central statistics agency for appraisal and publicization.
Article 47.
Appraisal of ministries’ and sectors’ statistical data within the national system of statistical indicators
1. A dossier of appraisal must comprise a written request for appraisal, draft statistical data, explanation about the scope, method of calculation and sources of collected and summarized data.
2. To-be-appraised contents include the scope, method of calculation and sources of data.
3. The time limit for appraisal of a dossier, which shall be calculated from the date the  central statistics agency receives a complete dossier, is specified as follows:
a/ Three working days, for estimated statistical data;
b/ Seven working days, for preliminary statistical data;
c/ Twenty working days, for official statistical data.
4. On the basis of appraisal opinions of the central statistics agency, the ministry or sector shall study, acquire, explain in writing and modify statistical data it collects and summarizes. In case the ministry or sector disagrees with appraisal opinions of the central statistics agency, the central statistics agency shall make decision in its own and take responsibility for its decision.
Article 48.
Publicization of state statistical information
1. To-be-publicized statistical data include:
a/ Estimated statistical data;
b/ Preliminary statistical data;
c/ Official statistical data.
2. The competence to publicize statistical information is provided as follows:
a/ The head of the central statistics agency shall publicize statistical information belonging to the national system of statistical indicators;
b/ Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies and government-attached agencies, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy and the State Auditor General shall publicize statistical information in the sectors or fields under their charge, except those specified at Point a of this Clause;
c/ Chairpersons of provincial-level People’s Committees shall publicize statistical information obtained from the statistical surveys specified in Point c, Clause 1, Article 30 of this Law;
d/ Heads of provincial-level statistics agencies shall publicize statistical information belonging to the provincial- , district- and commune-level systems of statistical indicators.
3. Persons competent to publicize statistical information shall take responsibility for publicized information.
Article 49.
Dissemination of state statistical information
1. Statistical information publicized under this Law shall be disseminated in a prompt, complete, broad, public and transparent manner.
2. Information shall be disseminated via:
a/ Websites of agencies belonging to the system of state statistics organizations; websites of state agencies;
b/ Press conferences, press releases;
c/ The mass media;
d/ Publications and electronic information storage devices.
3. The annual national statistical directory shall be disseminated in June of the subsequent year.
4. The schedule for dissemination of state statistical information is a table fixing the time for disseminating statistical information belonging to systems of statistical indicators, which is set and publicized by persons competent to disseminate statistical information.
5. The Government shall stipulate in detail the dissemination of state statistical information.
Chapter V
STUDY AND APPLICATION OF STATISTICAL METHODS, INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION TECHNOLOGIES AND INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION IN STATE STATISTICAL ACTIVITIES
Article 50.
Study and application of advanced statistical methods
1. The State shall prioritize the study and application of advanced statistical methods to statistical activities according to international standards and practices and in conformity with the country’s socio-economic development conditions in each period.
2. Fields prioritized for study and application of advanced statistical methods include:
a/ Study of methods to measure new socio-economic phenomena to completely, accurately, promptly reflect the process of development and international integration of the country;
b/ Study and application of statistical classifications according to international standards;
c/ Compilation, translation and dissemination of documents guiding advanced statistical methods.
3. The Minister of Planning and Investment shall organize and coordinate the study and application of advanced statistical methods to state statistical activities. Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies and government-attached agencies, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy, the State Auditor General, and chairpersons of provincial- and district-level People’s Committees shall organize the study and application of advanced statistical methods in sectors, fields and localities under their charge.
Article 51.
Development and application of information and communication technologies
1. The State shall prioritize investment in the development and application of advanced information and communication technologies in state statistical activities, including:
a/ Information infrastructure of the system of state statistics organizations;
b/ System of centralized and unified state statistical databases managed by the central statistics agency, including statistical databases of the centralized statistics system and statistical databases formed from administrative data sources provided in this Law, connection between national statistical databases with databases of other countries, and databases of ministries and sectors for provision and updating of information;
c/ System of statistical databases of ministries and sectors and connection to the system of national statistical database;
d/ Application software;
dd/ Advanced means and methods for information collection and dissemination, including tablets, smart phones, laptops, e-cards, online information collection cards, satellite imaging technology, system of geographical information and other advanced means and methods for collection and dissemination of statistical information.
2. The State shall encourage information and communication technology businesses to provide products and services in development and application of information and communication technologies in statistical activities.
3. The Minister of Planning and Investment shall organize and coordinate the development and application of information and communication technologies, ensuring uniformity, synchronization, computerization of, and formulation of processes for, state statistical activities. Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies and government-attached agencies, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy, the State Auditor General, and chairpersons of provincial- and district-level People’s Committees shall organize the development and application of information and communication technologies in statistical activities of ministries, sectors and localities.
Article 52.
International cooperation on statistics
1. International cooperation on statistics aims to ensure that statistical data meet international integration requirements, enhancing the position of Vietnam’s statistics sector in the region and the world.
2. Major activities of international cooperation on statistics include:
a/ Sharing of statistical information;
b/ Application of statistical methods;
c/ Training of human resources;
d/ International comparison;
dd/ Attraction of resources;
e/ Application of science and technology.
3. The Minister of Planning and Investment shall organize and coordinate international cooperation on state statistics. Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies and government-attached agencies, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy, the State Auditor General, and chairpersons of provincial- and district-level People’s Committees shall organize international cooperation on statistics in sectors, fields and localities under their charge.
Chapter VI
USE OF STATISTICAL DATABASES AND STATE STATISTICAL INFORMATION
Article 53.
Use of statistical databases managed by the central statistics agency
1. The central statistics agency shall manage statistical databases and respond to lawful demand for use of statistical information and data of agencies, organizations and individuals.
2. Statistical databases managed by the central statistics agency (below referred to as statistical databases), include:
a/ Statistical database on population;
b/ Statistical database on economic institutions;
c/ Statistical database on rural areas and agriculture;
d/ Other specialized statistical databases.
3. Data and information in the databases specified in Clause 2 of this Article shall be provided to agencies, organizations and individuals for use only after relevant statistical information is publicized by the central statistics agency according to Article 48 of this Law.
Article 54.
Tasks and
powers of the central statistics agency in management and use of statistical databases
1. To build up statistical databases in accordance with this Law.
2. To determine the number of access and use of data and information relating to statistical information publicized in statistical databases.
3. To provide data and information relating to statistical information publicized in statistical databases to agencies, organizations and individuals; to keep secret information of organizations and individuals in the course of data provision.
4. To refuse requests for provision of data or information if such requests are contrary to law.
5. To examine, and handle violations of law in the use of statistical databases.
Article 55.
Rights and
obligations of agencies, organizations and individuals in the use of statistical databases
1. To use data or information relating to statistical information publicized in statistical databases.
2. To keep secret information according to Article 57 of this Law.
3. Not to provide third parties with data provided from statistical databases, unless the central statistics agency so permits.
Article 56.
Use of state statistical information
1. State agencies shall use state statistical information already publicized to evaluate and forecast the situation, draw up strategies, formulate plans and policies, manage and administer socio-economic development, and conduct inspection, examination and supervision.
2. Agencies, organizations and individuals shall use state statistical information already publicized to serve their operations.
3. Statistics organizations within the system of state statistics organizations shall, within the ambit of their functions and tasks, respond to the demand of agencies, organizations and individuals to legally use state statistical information already announced.
Article 57.
Confidentiality of state statistical information
1. State statistical information which must be kept secret includes:
a/ Statistical information associated with the names and/or addresses of specific organizations or individuals, unless such organizations or individuals so agree or otherwise provided by law;
b/ Statistical information not yet publicized by competent persons;
c/ Statistical information on the list of state secrets.
2. The confidentiality of state statistical information must comply with law.
Article 58.
Rights and obligations of agencies, organizations and individuals in the use of state statistical data and information
1. To be equal in the access to, and use of, statistical information already publicized.
2. To use statistical information already publicized.
3. To cite and use statistical information already publicized in a truthful manner, clearly citing their sources.
4. To give their opinions on the quality of statistical data to statistics agencies.
5. To lodge complaints and denunciations against violations of law in the use statistical data and information.
6. To coordinate with the central statistics agency in fulfilling the tasks specified in Clause 2, Article 59 of this Law.
Article 59.
Tasks and powers of the central statistics agency in the use of state statistical data and information
1. To comply with provisions specified in Clause 3, Article 56 and keep secret statistical information as specified in Article 57 of this Law.
2. To conduct periodical and irregular examination of the use of statistical data and information of the national statistical indicators, provincial- , district-, and commune-level statistical indicators already publicized by competent authorities.
3. To-be-examined contents include:
a/ The accuracy and consistency between used statistical data and publicized ones;
b/ The citing of information sources.
4. If detecting any violations in the use of publicized statistical data, to handle according to its competence or propose competent state agencies to handle violations of the statistics law.
Article 60.
Consultation of state statistical information users
1. Statistics organizations belonging to the system of state statistics organizations shall consult state statistical information users about the quality of statistical data so as to improve the quality of statistical information and statistical work.
2. Forms of consultation mainly include conducting surveys on the demand and levels of satisfaction of statistical information users, holding conferences of statistical information users, and conducting online surveys.
3. The Minister of Planning and Investment shall organize, coordinate  and report the results of, consultation of statistical information users in state statistical activities.
Chapter VII
STATE STATISTICS ORGANIZATIONS
Article 61.
System of state statistics organizations
1. System of centralized statistics organizations.
2. Statistics organizations of ministries and sectors.
Article 62.
System of centralized statistics organizations
1. The system of centralized statistics organizations shall be organized in the hierarchical structure, including the central statistics agency and local statistics agencies.
2. The central statistics agency shall be attached to the Ministry of Planning and Investment.
3. The central statistics agency is the national statistics agency, performs the function of advising and assisting the Minister of Planning and Investment in performing state management of statistics, coordinates and organizes statistical activities, and provides socio-economic statistical information to organizations and individuals.
4. Local statistics agencies include provincial-level statistics agencies and district-level statistics agencies.
5. The Government shall define the functions, tasks, powers and organizational structure of the system of centralized statistics organizations.
Article 63.
Statistics organizations of ministries and sectors
1. The Government shall define the functions, tasks and organizational structures of statistics organizations of ministries and ministerial-level agencies.
2. Ministers, head of ministerial-level agencies and government-attached agencies, the Chief Justice of the Supreme People’s Court, the Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuracy and the State Auditor General shall, within the ambit of their tasks and powers, organize statistics work in their ministries and sectors.
Article 64.
Statistical activities at commune-level administrative units
Commune-level People’s Committees shall organize statistics work to serve the management requirements at the communal level, conduct statistical surveys and implement the state’s statistical reporting regimes.
Article 65.
Statistical activities in state agencies and public non-business units
State agencies, public non-business units shall, within the ambit of their tasks and powers, organize statistics work to serve the requirements for management and provision of information to statistics agencies belonging to the system of centralized statistics organizations, conduct statistical surveys and implement the state’s statistical reporting regimes in accordance with law.
Article 66.
Statisticians
1. Statisticians include statisticians working in the system of state statistics organizations, statisticians working in communes, state agencies, public non-business units and statistical-survey conductors.
2. Statisticians must satisfy the following criteria:
a/ Possessing professional ethics, being honest and impartial and having the sense of law observance;
b/ Having professional statistical qualifications and skills.
3. Statisticians shall be professionally independent in their statistical operations.
4. Statisticians shall comply with the law on statistics, perform and take responsibility for their assigned tasks.
Chapter VIII
STATISTICAL ACTIVITIES, USE OF STATISTICAL INFORMATION OUTSIDE THE STATE STATISTICAL PROGRAM
Article 67.
Scope of statistical activities outside the state statistical program
1. Collection, processing, summarization, analysis and forecast of statistical information serving research, production and business activities, and lawful and legitimate demand of organizations and individuals themselves or of other organizations and individuals.
2. Provision of statistical services.
Article 68.
Requirements for statistical activities outside the state statistical program
1. To comply with law and take responsibility before law for professional operations, statistical information and use of statistical information created outside the state statistical program.
2. To comply with basic principles of statistical activities outside the state statistical program specified in Clause 2, Article 5 of this Law.
3. To collect information on the basis of voluntariness and agreement on provision of information with organizations and individuals being statistical-survey respondents.
Article 69.
Value of statistical information outside the state statistical program
Statistical information outside the state statistical program may not be used to replace state statistical information as specified in Clause 1, Article 56 of this Law.
Chapter IX
IMPLEMENTATION PROVISIONS
Article 70.
Effect
1. This Law takes effect on July 1, 2016.
2. Statistics Law No. 04/2003/QH 11 ceases to be effective on the effective date of this Law, except the case specified in Article 71 of this Law.
Article 71.
Transitional provision
Statistical classifications and statistical reporting regimes specified in Statistics Law No. 04/2003/QH11 shall be implemented through June 30, 2018.
Article 72.
Detailing provision
The Government and competent agencies shall provide in detail articles and clauses as assigned in this Law.
This Law was passed on November 23, 2015, by the XIII
th
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam at its 10
th
session.
Chairman of the National Assembly
NGUYEN SINH HUNG
APPENDIX
LIST OF NATIONAL STATISTICAL INDICATORS
(To Law No. 89/2015/QH13)
No.
Code
Groups and names of indicators
01. Land and population
1
0101
Land area and structure
2
0102
Population and population density
3
0103
Sex ratios at birth
4
0104
Crude birth rate
5
0105
Total fertility rate
6
0106
Crude death rate
7
0107
Population growth rate
8
0108
In-migration, out-migration and   net-migration rates
9
0109
Life expectancy at birth
10
0110
Rate of people with disabilities
11
0111
Number of marriages and average age at   first marriage
12
0112
Rate of under-five children whose births   are registered
13
0113
Number of registered deaths
02. Labor, employment and gender equality
14
0201
Labor force
15
0202
Number of employed population in the   economy
16
0203
Rate of trained employees
17
0204
Unemployment rate
18
0205
Underemployment rate
19
0206
Social productivity
20
0207
Average income per working employee
21
0208
Rate of female members of Party executive   committees
22
0209
Rate of female National Assembly deputies
23
0210
Rate of female People’s Council deputies
24
0211
Rate of women holding leading positions in   administrations
03. Enterprises and economic, administrative and   non-business establishments
25
0301
Number of economic and non-business   establishments and their employees
26
0302
Number of administrative establishments and   their employees
27
0303
Number of agricultural, forestry and   fishery business households and individuals
28
0304
Number of enterprises and their employees,   capital, incomes and profits
29
0305
Added value per 1 Vietnam dong of   enterprise fixed assets
30
0306
Average fixed asset equipment per employee   of enterprises
31
0307
Enterprise profit ratios
04. Investment and construction
32
0401
Investment capital of the whole society
33
0402
Rate of investment capital of the whole   society to gross domestic product
34
0403
Incremental capital-output ratio (ICOR)
35
0404
Recently increased capacity of the economy
36
0405
Completed housing floor area
37
0406
Number of current houses and total housing   areas and their use
38
0407
Housing area per capita
05. National accounts
39
0501
Gross domestic product (GDP)
40
0502
Structure of gross domestic product
41
0503
Gross domestic product growth rate
42
0504
Green gross domestic product (Green GDP)
43
0505
Gross domestic product per capita (in   Vietnam dong (VND) and US dollar (USD))
44
0506
Asset accumulation
45
0507
Final consumption
46
0508
Gross national income (GNI)
47
0509
Rate of gross national income to gross   domestic product
48
0510
National disposable income (NDI)
49
0511
Rate of savings to gross domestic product
50
0512
Rate of savings to asset accumulation
51
0513
Rates of energy consumption for production   to gross domestic product and their increase or disease
52
0514
Total-factor productivity (TFP) growth rate
53
0515
Contribution of capital, employee and   total-factor productivity to general growth rate
06. Public finance
54
0601
State budget revenue and structure of state   budget revenue
55
0602
Rate of state budget revenue to gross   domestic product
56
0603
Rate of budget revenue collected from taxes   and fees to gross domestic product
57
0604
State budget expenditure and structure of   state budget expenditure
58
0605
Rate of state budget expenditure to gross   domestic product
59
0606
State budget deficit
60
0607
Rate of state budget deficit to gross   domestic product
61
0608
Governmental debts
62
0609
Nation’s foreign debts
63
0610
Public debts
07. Currency and insurance
64
0701
Total payment instruments
65
0702
Increase rate of total payment instruments
66
0703
Balance of capital raised by credit   institutions
67
0704
Credit balance of credit institutions
68
0705
Increase rate of credit balance of credit   institutions
69
0706
Interest rates
70
0707
International balance of payment
71
0708
Rate of current balance to gross domestic   product
72
0709
Inward and outward indirect investment   capital
73
0710
Average exchange rate in the inter-bank   market between Vietnam dong (VND) and US dollar (USD)
74
0711
Total insurance premiums and benefits
75
0712
Number of social insurance, health   insurance and unemployment insurance premiums payers
76
0713
Number of beneficiaries of social   insurance, health insurance and unemployment insurance
77
0714
Social insurance, health insurance and   unemployment insurance premiums and benefits
08. Agriculture, forestry and fisheries
78
0801
Land area for annual crops
79
0802
Land area for perennial plants
80
0803
Productivity of a number of major crops
81
0804
Output of a number of major crops
82
0805
Balance in a number of major agricultural   products
83
0806
Number of cattle, poultry and other   domestic animals
84
0807
Output of a number of major husbandry   products
85
0808
Area of concentrated planted forests
86
0809
Output of timber and non-timber   forestry products
87
0810
Area for aquaculture
88
0811
Output of fishery products
89
0812
Number and capacity of motor boats used for   exploitation of marine resources
09. Industry
90
0901
Industrial production index
91
0902
Output of a number of major industrial   products
92
0903
Proportion of export value to total value   of hi-tech products
93
0904
Proportion of processing industry to gross   domestic product
94
0905
Average per-capita added value of the   processing industry by purchasing power parity
95
0906
Consumption index of processing and   manufacturing industry products
96
0907
Inventory index of processing and   manufacturing industry products
97
0908
Primary energy balance
98
0909
Production capacity of industrial products
10. Trade and services
99
1001
Goods retail sales
100
1002
Accommodation and catering service   turnover
101
1003
Turnover of other services
102
1004
Number of markets, supermarkets and trade   centers
103
1005
Value of goods import and export
104
1006
Imported and exported commodity items
105
1007
Trade surplus and deficit of goods
106
1008
Value of imported and export services
107
1009
Trade surplus and deficit of services
108
1010
Proportion of processed exports value to   total exports value
109
1011
Proportion of hi-tech exports value to   total exports value
110
1012
Proportion of mineral exports value to   total exports value
111
1013
Proportion of import value of means of   production to total imports value
11. Prices
112
1101
Consumer price index (CPI), gold price   index, US dollar price index
113
1102
Core inflation index
114
1103
Space-based cost-of-living index
115
1104
Price indices of raw materials, fuels and   materials for production
116
1105
Producer price indexes for agriculture,   forestry, aquaculture, industry and services
117
1106
Construction price index
118
1107
Real estate price index
119
1108
Wage price index
120
1109
Import and export price index
121
1110
Terms of trade
12. Transport
122
1201
Turnover of transport, storage and   transport supporting services
123
1202
Number of passengers transported and   trafficked
124
1203
Volume of cargoes transported and   trafficked
125
1204
Volume of cargoes handled by ports
126
1205
Number and current and recently increased   loading and unloading capacity of inland waterway ports
127
1206
Number and current and recently increased   transport capacity of airports
13. Information and communication technologies
128
1301
Turnover of postal and delivery services
129
1302
Output of postal and delivery services
130
1303
Telecommunications turnover
131
1304
Number of telephone subscribers
132
1305
Rate of mobile phone users
133
1306
Rate of Internet users
134
1307
Number of Internet access subscribers
135
1308
Rate of households with Internet access
136
1309
Number of units with e-commercial   transactions
137
1310
Average international Internet access   capacity per 100 persons
138
1311
Turnover of information technology
14. Science and technology
139
1401
Number of science and technology   organizations
140
1402
Number of employees of science and   technology organizations
141
1403
Number of people engaged in scientific   research and technological development
142
1404
Number of patent licenses
143
1405
Technology and equipment innovation index
144
1406
Rate of expenditures for technological   innovation to gross fixed capital of enterprise
145
1407
Expenditures for scientific research and   technological development
15. Education
146
1501
Average number of general pupils per   teacher
147
1502
Average number of general pupils per class
148
1503
Enrolment rate in general schools
16. Health and healthcare
149
1601
Number of doctors and hospital beds per   10,000 persons
150
1602
Maternal mortality ratio per   100,000 live births
151
1603
Infant mortality rate
152
1604
Under-five children mortality rate
153
1605
Rate of children under 1 year old receiving   full vaccinations
154
1606
Malnutrition rate among under-five children
155
1607
Number of diagnosed HIV-infected cases per   100,000 persons
156
1608
Number of annually reported deaths due to   HIV/AIDS per 100,000 persons
17. Culture, sports and tourism
157
1701
Number of national cultural heritages
158
1702
Number of medals in international   tournaments
159
1703
Travel  businesses’ turnover
160
1704
Number of foreign visitors to Vietnam
161
1705
Number of Vietnamese vistors taking out   bound trips
162
1706
Number of domestic tourist arrivals
163
1707
Spendings of international visitors in   Vietnam
164
1708
Spendings of domestic tourists
18. Inhabitants’ living standards
165
1801
Human development index (HDI)
166
1802
Poverty rate
167
1803
Income distribution inequality coefficient   (Gini coefficient)
168
1804
Rate of urban population having access to   clean water through centralized water supply systems
169
1805
Rate of population having access to   hygienic water sources
170
1806
Rate of population using hygienic latrines
19. Social order and safety and justice
171
1901
Number of traffic accidents; number of   deaths and injuries due to traffic accidents
172
1902
Number of fires and explosions and level of   damage
173
1903
Number of criminal cases and accused against   whom lawsuits have been initiated
174
1904
Number of prosecuted criminal cases and   accused
175
1905
Number of convicted criminal cases and   offenders
176
1906
Rate of people aged 15 years or older being   victims of violence
177
1907
Number of people having received legal aid
178
1908
Civil judgment execution results
20. Environmental protection
179
2001
Existing forest areas
180
2002
Forest areas under protection
181
2003
Forest coverage rate
182
2004
Number of natural disasters and level of   damage
183
2005
Rate of areas of natural conservation zones
184
2006
Degraded land areas
185
2007
Rate of collected and   treated hazardous wastes
186
2008
Greenhouse gas emissions per capita
THE END
[1]
Công Báo Nos 1241-1242 (28/12/2015)
[2]
Công Báo Nos 1241-1242 (28/12/2015)
This feature is available to
English
or
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Processing, please wait...
You are not logged in.
This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to access detailed information on Related documents.
If you do not have an account, please
register here!
Processing, please wait...
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
VIETNAMESE DOCUMENTS
Statistics Law, Law No. 89/2015/QH13 PDF (Original)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Statistics Law, Law No. 89/2015/QH13 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
ENGLISH DOCUMENTS
Official Gazette
Statistics Law, Law No. 89/2015/QH13 (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Statistics Law, Law No. 89/2015/QH13 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
* Note:
To view documents downloaded from LuatVietnam.vn, please install DOC, DOCX and PDF file readers
For further support, please call
19006192
Log in
Register
Remember
Forgot password
Log in
Or log in via
* Required information
Username
Email
*
Password
*
Confirm Password
*
I agree to the
Terms & Conditions
and
Personal Data Protection Policy
of LuatVietnam
Register
Forgot password
Enter your account name to recover your password.
Send
Select folder
+ Add folder
Save
Back
Add folder
Bilingual Text
Nội dung tham chiếu