Source: https://english.luatvietnam.vn/law-no-07-2017-qh14-dated-june-19-2017-of-the-national-assembly-on-technology-transfer-115516-doc1.html
Extracted: 2026-07-21 11:46

Law on technology transfer, Law No. 07/2017/QH14
Home
Legal Normative Documents
New documents
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
News
Services
Available translation
On-demand translation
Vietnamese
Home
Legal Normative Documents
Science - Technology
Search
Advanced Search
Advanced search for legal documents
Filter by
Reset
Types of documents
Law
Ordinance
Decree
Decision
Circular
Joint Circular
Resolution
Directive
Official Dispatch
Regulation
Instruction
Notice
Order
Official Telegram
Plan
Report
Code
Consolidated Text
Convention
Agreement
Treaty
Protocol
Agreement
Treaty
Issuing bodies
Committee for Physical Trainning and Sports
Committee for Population, Family and Children
Council of Ministers
Department of Hanoi public health care
General Department of Customs
General Department of Forestry
General Department of Land Administration
General Department of Post and Telecommunications
General Department of Statistics
General Department of Taxation
General Department of Tourism
Government
Government Commission for Organizational Personnel
Government Committee for Prices
Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
Ministry of Aquatic Products
Ministry of Construction
Ministry of Culture - Information
Ministry of Culture and Information
Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism
Ministry of Education and Training
Ministry of Finance
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Health
Ministry of Home Affairs
Ministry of Industry
Ministry of Industry and Trade
Ministry of Information and Communications
Ministry of Justice
Ministry of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs
Ministry of National Defence
Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment
Ministry of Planning and Investment
Ministry of Post and Telecommunications
Ministry of Public Security
Ministry of Science and Technology
Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment
Ministry of Trade
Ministry of Transport
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
National Assembly Standing Committee
National Committee for International Economic Co-operation
National Committee for Population and Family Planning
Office of the Government
Office of the National Assembly
People' Committee of Ho Chi Minh City
People's Committee of Hanoi
People's Supereme Court
People's Supereme Procuracy
Political Bureau
Prime Minister
Socialist Republic of Vietnam
State Bank
State Bank of Vietnam
State Committee for Co-operation and Investment (SCCI)
State Committee for Ethnic Minorities and Mountainous Areas
State Committee for Planning
State Council
State Securities Commission
The Ethnic Minority Committee
The Judges's Council of the Supreme People's Court
The President
Vietnam Labor General Confederation
Vietnam Social Security
Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee
All fields
Culture - Sports - Tourism
Information - Communications
Agriculture - Forestry
Natural Resources - Environment
Justice
Criminal
Civil law
Marriage and family
Electricity
Bidding - Competition
Appeal - Accuse
Press - Television
Insurance
Emulation - Commendation - Discipline
Administrative border
Commerce - Advertising
Food and drug
Saving - Anti-corruption
National Security
Cadres - Civil Servants
Residence - Population
Immigration
Accounting - Audit
Securities
Navigation
Aquatic products
National defence
Intellectual property
Transport
Administration
Administrative violation
Policy
Enterprise
Organizational structure
Others
Customs
Construction
Science - Technology
Industry
Foreign affairs
Health
Public order
Labor - Salary
Export - Import
Education - Training - Vocational training
Tax - Fee - Charge
Land - Housing
Finance - Banking
Investment
Effect status
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Signers
Abdellatif Ouahbi
Abdelwaheb Abdallah
Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdullah Ali Abdullah Al Yahaya
Abdullah bin Sultan bin Awad Al Nuaimi
Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan
Adisai Bodharamik
Alastair Goodlad
Amaret Sila_on
Amnuay Viravan
Andre Ouellet
Andrew S.Natsisos
Ang Vong Vathana
Anna Lindstedt
Arifin M. Siregar
Au Anh Tuan
B.G (NS) George Yong-Boon Yeo
Bac-ba-ra Su-ma-nop-xka
Bach Thi Minh Huyen
Banh Tien Long
Battsetseg Batmunkh
Be-a-ta Xo-ten-mac
Berkesi Laszlos
Bernard K.Mambe
Bhuvesh Chaturvedi
Brain Cowen
Bui Anh Tuan
Bui Ba Bong
Bui Cach Tuyen
Bui Hong Linh
Bui Hong Minh
Bui Huu Toan
Bui Manh Cuong
Bui Manh Hai
Bui Nguyen Long
Bui Pham Khanh
Bui Quang Vinh
Bui Thanh Son
Bui The Duy
Bui Thi Quynh Van
Bui Thien Ngo
Bui Van Cuong
Bui Van Ga
Bui Van Khang
Bui Van Nam
Bui Van Suong
Bui Xuan Cuong
Bui Xuan Dung
Bui Xuan Khu
Bui Xuan Minh
Bui Xuan Son
Cao Anh Tuan
Cao Duc Phat
Cao Lai Quang
Cao Minh Quang
Cao Quoc Hung
Cao Si Kiem
Cao Viet Sinh
Caryn R. McClelland
Cear V.Purisma
Cecilia Piccioni
Cham Nimul
Cham Pradidh
Cham Prasidh
Chan Sek Keong
Charlotte Laursen
Chau Hue Cam
Chou Vichith
Chu Hao
Chu Ngoc Anh
Chu Pham Ngoc Hien
Chu Tuan Cap
Chu Tuan Nha
Chu Van Nguyen
Chu Van Thinh
Chu Xuan Dung
Commodore(Ns) Teo Chee Hean
Cristian Barros
Cu Ngoc Oanh
Dam Huu Dac
Dam Thi Hoa
Dang cap nhat
Dang Dinh Lam
Dang Dinh Luu
Dang Hanh Thu
Dang Hoang An
Dang Hong Nam
Dang Hung Vo
Dang Huu
Dang Huy Dong
Dang Huynh Mai
Dang Nghiem Chinh
Dang Ngoc Minh
Dang Ngoc Tung
Dang Nhu Loi
Dang Quang Phuong
Dang Quoc Tien
Dang Son Tung
Dang Thanh Binh
Dang Thi Bich Lien
Dang Thi Binh An
Dang Van Tao
Dang Van Tin
Dang Vu Chu
Daniel Tomlinson
Dao Dinh Binh
Dao Hong Lan
Dao Minh Tu
Dao Ngoc Dung
Dao Xuan Hoc
Da-So-Gan-Bon-Do
Dato’ Seri Paduka Haji Kifrawi
DATO’ SRI ONG TEE KEAT
Dick Kling
Diep Kinh Tan
Diep Kinh Tan
Dinh Anh Tuan
Dinh Huu Phi
Dinh La Thang
Dinh Ngoc Thang
Dinh Quang Ngu
Dinh Tien Dung
Dinh Trung Tung
Dinh Van Nha
Dinh Viet Son
Dlamini Zuma
Do Duc Duy
Do Duc Tien
Do Hai Dung
Do Hoang Anh Tuan
Do Huu Hao
Do Ngoc Huynh
Do Nguyen Phuong
Do Nhu Dinh
Do Quang Trung
Do Que Luong
Do Qui Doan
Do Quoc Sam
Do Quy Doan
Do Quy Doan
Do Thang Hai
Do Thanh Binh
Do Thi Xuan Phuong
Do Trung Ta
Do Van Dong
Do Van Sinh
Do Xuan Tuyen
Doan Hoang Minh
Doan Hong Phong
Doan Manh Giao
Doan Mau Diep
Doan Thai Son
Doan Van Viet
Doan Xuan Hung
Doan Xuan Toan
Duong Anh Duc
Duong Duc Tuan
Duong Gia Trien
Duong Quoc Anh
Duong Thu Huong
Duong Tri Dung
Ephraim Ben Matityau
Erik Derycke
Evgeny Shestakov
George Vella
Gia Tan Dinh
Giang Seo Phu
H. A.F.M.O van Mierlo
Ha Cong Tuan
Ha Hung
Ha Hung Cuong
Haike Manning
Hans Winkler
Hirofumi Nakasone
Ho Anh Tuan
Ho Dieu Bang
Ho Duc Phoc
Ho Huan Nghiem
Ho Nghia Dung
Ho Quoc Dung
Ho Te
Ho Thi Kim Thoa
Ho Xuan Hung
Hoang Cong Dung
Hoang Manh Hien
Hoang Minh Duc
Hoang Minh Hao
Hoang Minh Son
Hoang Minh Tuan Anh
Hoang Nghia Mai
Hoang Quoc Vuong
Hoang Quy
Hoang Sy Thanh
Hoang The Lien
Hoang Thi Ha Giang
Hoang Thi Tuyet Hoa
Hoang Trung
Hoang Trung Hai
Hoang Tuan Anh
Hoang Van Huay
Hoang Van Nghien
Hoang Van Phong
Hoang Van Thang
Hoang Viet Cuong
Hoang Vu Thanh
Hon. Robert Debus
HOR Namhong
Hu Cha-Chi
Hua Duc Nhi
Huynh Huu Phuc
Huynh Ngoc Thanh
Huynh Phong Tranh
Huynh Quang Hai
Huynh Thi Nhan
Huynh Vinh Ai
Jack Straw
Jan Vapaavuori
Joaquim Verissimo
John C Tsang
John Sydney Dawkins
Joseisidro N.Camacho
JUSMAN SYAFII DJAMAL
Kham Ouane Boupha
Khong co
Khuat Van Nga
KRASIMIR TSIPOV
Kwon Jong-rak
La Ngoc Khue
Lai Quang Thuc
Lam Thi Phuong Thanh
LASZLO TROCSANYI
Le Anh Tuan
Le Bach Hong
Le Chiem
Le Cong Phung
Le Cong Thanh
Le Danh Vinh
Le Dinh Tho
Le Dinh Tien
Le Doan Hop
Le Duc Anh
Le Duc Luan
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duong Quang
Le Duy Dong
Le Hoa Binh
Le Hoai Trung
Le Hong Anh
Le Hong Hai
Le Hong Nam
Le Hong Nga
Le Hong Son
Le Hung Son
Le Huy Con
Le Huy Ngo
Le Huy Vinh
Le Manh Hung
Le Minh Hoan
Le Minh Hung
Le Minh Huong
Le Minh Khai
Le Minh Ngan
Le Minh Tri
Le Nam Thang
Le Ngoc Hoan
Le Ngoc Trong
Le Quan
Le Quang Cuong
Le Quang Hung
Le Quang Tung
Le Quoc Doanh
Le Quoc Dung
Le Quoc Hung
Le Quoc Khanh
Le Quy Vuong
Le Quy Vuong
Le Tan Can
Le Tan Dung
Le Thanh Do
Le Thanh Liem
Le Thanh Long
Le Thanh Nghi
Le The Tiem
Le Thi Bang Tam
Le Thi Bich Thuan
Le Thi Thu Hang
Le Trung Chinh
Le Van Bang
Le Van Chau
Le Van Khoa
Le Van Tan
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Toan
Le Van Triet
Le Van Truyen
Le Van Tuyen
Le Van Uyen
Le Viet Dung
Le Vinh Tan
Le Vu Hung
Le Xuan Dinh
Le Xuan Trinh
LEANDRO R. MENDOZA
Lee Hsien Long
Lim Hng Kiang
Lim Jock Seng
Lo Thi Nhu
Luong Cuong
Luong Le Phuong
Luong Quoc Dung
Luong Tam Quang
Luong Thi Toi
Luong Van Tu
Luu Chan Dan
Luu Duc Huy
Luu Duc Sau
Luu Duc Tuyen
Luu Manh Tuong
Luu Tran Tieu
Macabangkit Lanto
Mai Ai Truc
Mai Liem Truc
Mai Luong Khoi
Mai Son
Mai Thi Thu Van
Mai Tien Dung
Mai Van Chinh
Mai Van Dau
Mai Xuan Thanh
MAJOR GENERAL THEIN SWE
Manuel M. Dayrit
Marcy Claudio Lopes
Mari Elka Pangestu
Maria Esther Reus Gonzalez
Martin Malvy
Maxim Alexandrovich Travnikov
MICHAEL KEENAN
Michael O. Leavitt
Miguel Angel Moratinos Cuyaube
Miguel Marin Bosch
Mike Penning
Mikulas BEK
Mingkwan Songsuwan
Mohammad Maruf
Muhyiddin Bin Mohammad Yassin
N.Ba-ga-Ban-di
NA-DA MA-LA-GOA-RA-CHI
Nam Viyaketh
Ngo Duy Hieu
Ngo Hai Phan
Ngo The Dan
Ngo Thi Kim Yen
Ngo Thi Minh
Ngo Xuan Hue
Ngo Xuan Lich
Ngo Xuan Loc
Nguen Hoang Tuan
Nguyen An Luong
Nguyen Anh Tuan
Nguyen Ba Hoan
Nguyen Bac Hai
Nguyen Bac Son
Nguyen Bich Dat
Nguyen Cam Tu
Nguyen Cao Luc
Nguyen Chi Dung
Nguyen Cong Binh
Nguyen Cong Dan
Nguyen Cong Nghiep
Nguyen Cong Su
Nguyen Cong Tan
Nguyen Cong Thanh
Nguyen Dai Thanh
Nguyen Dai Tri
Nguyen Danh Huy
Nguyen Danh Thai
Nguyen Dinh Bin
Nguyen Dinh Bong
Nguyen Dinh Khang
Nguyen Dinh Lieu
Nguyen Dinh Loc
Nguyen Dinh Toan
Nguyen Dong Tien
Nguyen Duc Chi
Nguyen Duc Chinh
Nguyen Duc Chung
Nguyen Duc Huy
Nguyen Duc Minh
Nguyen Duc Quang
Nguyen Duc Tam
Nguyen Duong Thai
Nguyen Duy Giang
Nguyen Duy Lam
Nguyen Duy Minh
Nguyen Duy Ngoc
Nguyen Duy Nien
Nguyen Duy Thang
Nguyen Dy Nien
Nguyen Hai Phong
Nguyen Hanh Phuc
Nguyen Hoa Binh
Nguyen Hoang Anh
Nguyen Hoang Hiep
Nguyen Hoang Long
Nguyen Hong Dien
Nguyen Hong Nhi
Nguyen Hong Quan
Nguyen Hong Truong
Nguyen Huu Chi
Nguyen Huu Do
Nguyen Huu Hoai
Nguyen Huu Hung
Nguyen Huu Nghiep
Nguyen Huu Tan
Nguyen Huu Tri
Nguyen Huu Vu
Nguyen Huy Ban
Nguyen Huy Dung
Nguyen Huy Hieu
Nguyen Huy Hoan
Nguyen Huy Luan
Nguyen Huy Tien
Nguyen Huy Tuong
Nguyen Khac Dinh
Nguyen Khanh
Nguyen Khanh Ngoc
Nguyen Khanh Toan
Nguyen Khoa Diem
Nguyen Kim Anh
Nguyen Kim Ly
Nguyen Kim Son
Nguyen Ky Cam
Nguyen Linh Ngoc
Nguyen Loc An
Nguyen Luong Trao
Nguyen Mai
Nguyen Manh Cam
Nguyen Manh Dong
Nguyen Manh Ha
Nguyen Manh Hien
Nguyen Manh Hung
Nguyen Manh Khuong
Nguyen Manh Kiem
Nguyen Minh Hien
Nguyen Minh Hong
Nguyen Minh Quang
Nguyen Minh Thao
Nguyen Minh Thong
Nguyen Minh Triet
Nguyen Minh Tuan
Nguyen Minh Vu
Nguyen Nam Binh
Nguyen Nam Hai
Nguyen Ngoc Bao
Nguyen Ngoc Canh
Nguyen Ngoc Dong
Nguyen Ngoc Hien
Nguyen Ngoc Hong
Nguyen Ngoc Lan
Nguyen Ngoc Phi
Nguyen Ngoc Thien
Nguyen Ngoc Tuan
Nguyen Ngoc Tuc
Nguyen Ngoc Vinh
Nguyen Nhac
Nguyen Nhat
Nguyen Nhat Kha
Nguyen Phu Binh
Nguyen Phu Trong
Nguyen Phuoc Thanh
Nguyen Phuong Nga
Nguyen Quan
Nguyen Quang Dung
Nguyen Quang Ha
Nguyen Quang Huy
Nguyen Que Huong
Nguyen Quoc Dung
Nguyen Quoc Huy
Nguyen Quoc Thanh
Nguyen Quoc Tri
Nguyen Quoc Trieu
Nguyen Sinh Hung
Nguyen Sinh Nhat Tan
Nguyen Son
Nguyen Sy Hiep
Nguyen Tam Chien
Nguyen Tan Dung
Nguyen Tan Trinh
Nguyen Tan Van
Nguyen Thac Giap
Nguyen Thai Binh
Nguyen Thai Duong
Nguyen Thai Lai
Nguyen Thanh
Nguyen Thanh Bien
Nguyen Thanh Cung
Nguyen Thanh Hoa
Nguyen Thanh Hung
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Long
Nguyen Thanh Nghi
Nguyen Thanh Phong
Nguyen Thanh Son
Nguyen Thanh Tinh
Nguyen The Manh
Nguyen The Phuong
Nguyen Thi Bich Ngoc
Nguyen Thi Cuc
Nguyen Thi Ha
Nguyen Thi Hang
Nguyen Thi Hanh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Anh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Lan
Nguyen Thi Hong
Nguyen Thi Hong Minh
Nguyen Thi Huong Lan
Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan
Nguyen Thi Kim Phung
Nguyen Thi Kim Tien
Nguyen Thi Le
Nguyen Thi Le Thanh
Nguyen Thi Lien Huong
Nguyen Thi Minh
Nguyen Thi Minh Nguyet
Nguyen Thi Nghia
Nguyen Thi Phuong Hoa
Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong
Nguyen Thi Thu
Nguyen Thi Thu Phuong
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Xuan Thu
Nguyen Thi Xuyen
Nguyen Thien Luan
Nguyen Thien Nhan
Nguyen Thuy Hien
Nguyen Tien Dinh
Nguyen Tien Dung
Nguyen Tien Hong
Nguyen Tien Sam
Nguyen Tien Trung
Nguyen Tien Truong
Nguyen Toan Thang
Nguyen Tran Nam
Nguyen Tri Thuc
Nguyen Tri Tue
Nguyen Trong Dam
Nguyen Trong Dieu
Nguyen Trong Du
Nguyen Trung Khanh
Nguyen Trung Kien
Nguyen Truong Son
Nguyen Tuong Van
Nguyen Van An
Nguyen Van Binh
Nguyen Van Cam
Nguyen Van Can
Nguyen Van Chi
Nguyen Van Cong
Nguyen Van Dang
Nguyen Van Duc
Nguyen Van Duoc
Nguyen Van Giau
Nguyen Van Hien
Nguyen Van Hieu
Nguyen Van Hoi
Nguyen Van Hong
Nguyen Van Hung
Nguyen Van Huong
Nguyen Van Khai
Nguyen Van Lien
Nguyen Van Long
Nguyen Van Nen
Nguyen Van Nganh
Nguyen Van Ngu
Nguyen Van Phuc
Nguyen Van Phung
Nguyen Van Rinh
Nguyen Van San
Nguyen Van Sanh
Nguyen Van Sinh
Nguyen Van Suu
Nguyen Van Thang
Nguyen Van Thanh
Nguyen Van The
Nguyen Van Tho
Nguyen Van Thuong
Nguyen Van Tien
Nguyen Van Trung
Nguyen Van Tung
Nguyen Van Vinh Chau
Nguyen Van Vong
Nguyen Vi Ninh
Nguyen Viet Hung
Nguyen Viet Thang
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Vinh Hien
Nguyen Xuan Chuan
Nguyen Xuan Cuong
Nguyen Xuan Duong
Nguyen Xuan Phuc
Nguyen Xuan Quang
Nguyen Xuan Sang
Nguyen Xuan Thanh
Nguyen Xuan Thao
Nguyen Xuan Thuy
Nicola Louise Roxon
Nong Duc Manh
Nong Phi Quang
Obaid Humaid Al Tayer
Oldemiro Julio Marques Baloi
Olga Algajerova
OsMan Giines
Pan Sorasak
Patrizia Toia
Paula Lehtomaki
Pedro Mejia Gomez
PEHIN DATO ABU BAKAR APONG
Peter B.Favila
Peter D. Garrucho
Peter Ricketts
Peter Szijjarto
Pham Binh Minh
Pham Cong Tac
Pham Duc Long
Pham Duy Anh
Pham Duy Khuong
Pham Gia Khiem
Pham Gia Tuc
Pham Hoang Duc
Pham Hong Giang
Pham Hong Ha
Pham Hong Hai
Pham Khoi Nguyen
Pham Le Tuan
Pham Manh Hung
Pham Manh Thang
Pham Minh Chinh
Pham Minh Ha
Pham Minh Huan
Pham Ngac
Pham Ngoc Thuong
Pham Quang Dung
Pham Quang Nghi
Pham Quang Ngoc
Pham Quang Tuyen
Pham Quang Vinh
Pham Quoc Anh
Pham Quoc Hung
Pham Quy Ngo
Pham Quy Tieu
Pham Quy Ty
Pham Si Chien
Pham Si Danh
Pham Sy Chung
Pham Sy Danh
Pham Thanh Binh
Pham Thanh Ha
Pham The Minh
Pham Thi Hai Chuyen
Pham Thi Thanh Tra
Pham Tien Dung
Pham Van Dinh
Pham Van Hau
Pham Van Huyen
Pham Van Khanh
Pham Van Phuong
Pham Van Tra
Pham Van Trong
Pham Vu Luan
Pham Xuan Tien
Phan Chi Hieu
Phan Khac Hai
Phan Quang Trung
Phan Tam
Phan Thai Dung
Phan The Rue
Phan Thi My Linh
Phan Thi Thang
Phan Tien Lan
Phan Trung Kien
Phan Van Anh
Phan Van Da
Phan Van Dinh
Phan Van Giang
Phan Van Khai
Phan Van Mai
Phan Van Men
Phan Van Tiem
Phan Van Trong
Phi Dang Minh
Phi Van Tuan
Pho-do-ri-co Gon-xa-let Phran-co
Phung Duc Tien
Phung Khac Ke
Phung Ngoc Hung
Phung Quang Thanh
Phung Xuan Nha
Phuong Huu Oanh
Pierre.S.Pettigrew
Pirapan Salirathavibhaga
Pra-Chuop Chai-Ya-San
Quach Dang Hoa
Rafael Catala Polo
Rafidah Aziz
Rashid Tussupbekov
RAYMOND LIM
Rini M.S. Soewandi
Rizalino S. Navarro
ROBERT PELIKAN
Ryszard Michalski
Saadi Salama
Sergey Lavrov
SOMMAD PHOLSENA
SOPHON ZARAM
Soulivong Daravong
SUSHILKUMAR SHINDE
T. Ariwibowo
Ta Anh Tuan
Ta Ca
Ta Manh Hung
Ta Quang Dong
Ta Quang Khanh
Ta Quang Ngoc
Ta Quoc Trung
Ta Thi Phuong Lan
Tan Sri Abdul Gani Patail
Tang Chi Thuong
Tao Huu Phung
TAUCH CHANKOSAL
Tea Varak
Thai Van Tai
Tharman Shanmugaratnam
Thi Van Tam
Thongbanh Sengaphone
Tibor Navracsics
To Anh Dung
To Lam
To Tu Ha
Tong Anh Hao
Tong Thi Minh
Tong Van Nga
Toshiko Abe
Tran Anh Tuan
Tran Chi Dao
Tran Chi Liem
Tran Chien Thang
Tran Cong Phan
Tran Dai Quang
Tran Dinh Duy
Tran Dinh Hoan
Tran Dinh Khoa
Tran Dinh Lieu
Tran Doan Tho
Tran Duc Lai
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Dung Ha
Tran Duy Dong
Tran Hanh
Tran Hiep Hung
Tran Hong Ha
Tran Lum
Tran Luu Quang
Tran Minh Phuc
Tran Minh Tuan
Tran Ngoc Binh
Tran Ngoc Liem
Tran Ngoc Thien
Tran Quan
Tran Quang Bao
Tran Quang Lam
Tran Quang Quy
Tran Quoc Khanh
Tran Quoc Phuong
Tran Quoc Thang
Tran Quy Kien
Tran Thanh Hai
Tran Thanh Man
Tran Thanh Nam
Tran The Ngoc
Tran Thi Thanh Binh
Tran Thi Thanh Thanh
Tran Thi Trung Chien
Tran Thu
Tran Tien Dung
Tran Tuan Anh
Tran Van Chung
Tran Van Dang
Tran Van Dung
Tran Van Hieu
Tran Van Son
Tran Van Ta
Tran Van Thuan
Tran Van Truyen
Tran Van Tu
Tran Van Tuan
Tran Van Tung
Tran Viet Tan
Tran Viet Thanh
Tran Vinh Tuyen
Tran Xuan Gia
Tran Xuan Ha
Trieu Van Be
Trinh Dinh Dung
Trinh Hong Duong
Trinh Quan Huan
Trinh Thi Thuy
Trinh To Tam
Trinh Xuan Truong
Truong Chi Trung
Truong Chinh
Truong Dinh Tuyen
Truong Hoa Binh
Truong Minh Tuan
Truong Quang Nghia
Truong Quoc Cuong
Truong Tan Sang
Truong Tan Vien
Truong Thanh Hoai
Truong Thi Mai
Truong Van Doan
Truong Vinh Trong
Ts. Hamid Awaludin
TSEND NYAMDORJ
U Khin Maung Win
U Soe Tha
Uong Chu Luu
Van Trong Ly
Vilay LAKHAMPHONG
Vince Henderson
Vitezslav Grepl
Vo Chi Cong
Vo Hong Phuc
Vo Minh Luong
Vo Thai Hoa
Vo Thanh Hung
Vo Tuan Nhan
Vo Van Hoan
Vo Van Hung
Vo Van Kiet
Vo Van Minh
Vo Van Thuong
Vu Bang
Vu Cao Cuong
Vu Chien Thang
Vu Duc Dam
Vu Dung
Vu Hai Quan
Vu Hai San
Vu Hong Khanh
Vu Hong Nam
Vu Hong Thuan
Vu Huy Hoang
Vu Khac Lien
Vu Khoan
Vu Le Quan
Vu Manh Ha
Vu Mong Giao
Vu Ngoc Anh
Vu Thi Lien
Vu Thi Mai
Vu Trong Hong
Vu Tuan Canh
Vu Tuan Cuong
Vu Van Ninh
Vu Van Tam
Vu Van Truong
Vuong Dinh Hue
Vy Trong Toan
Watana Muangsook
Yahya AKKURT
Yeo Cheow Tong
Yoon Young – Kwan
Yoriko Kawaguchi
Yrou Young - Kwan
Yury Nazaranka
Zafar Sh. Ruziev
Zdravko Marie
Zhakyp Assanov
Ziradin Jovanovic
Translation types
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
Summary
Content
Status
Vietnamese
Related documents
Diagram
Download
Bilingual Text
Please
log in
to your
Advanced Package
to view the full text. Do not have an account yet?
Register here
.
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Print
Share:
Text mode:
Light
|
Dark
Font size:
Send link to email
Send
Error message
Law on technology transfer, Law No. 07/2017/QH14
* Required information
Email
*
Content
*
Send
ATTRIBUTE Law on technology transfer
Law No. 07/2017/QH14 dated June 19, 2017 of the National Assembly on technology transfer
Issuing body:
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
Effective date:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Official number:
07/2017/QH14
Signer:
Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan
Type:
Law
Expiry date:
Updating
Issuing date:
19/06/2017
Effect status:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Fields:
Science - Technology
SUMMARY
Supports enterprises to develop technology application and innovation
The Law on technology transfer No. 07/2017/QH14 passed by the National Assembly on June 19, 2017 with supports and incentives for enterprises to develop technology application and innovation.
Accordingly, the Government shall give supports to enterprises that have projects in regions or sectors eligible for investment incentives to carry out technology transfer activities with science and technology organizations. Enterprises may use funding from their science and technology development funds to make investment, provide or receive counterpart funds for developing technology innovation, technology incubation, science and technology business incubation, innovative startups, commercialization of their findings on scientific research and technological development and covering other expenditures under regulations of the law on science and technology.
The ownership, the right to use and other rights that arise from findings on scientific research and technological development or intellectual property objects whose value may be determined are considered as property rights.
The National Foundation for Science and Technology Development, the National Technology Innovation Fund or credit institutions may receive the property rights as prescribed in this Clause as collaterals for loans for investment in science and technology projects, innovative startups, or development of findings on scientific research and technological development.
Enterprises that make investment in material – technical facilities to serve reverse engineering, organizations or individuals that carry out the reverse engineering are entitled to receive supports, guarantee for loans or preferential loan interest rate from the National Technology Innovation Fund or credit institutions; and enjoy other supports or incentives.
The Law also prescribes that technology incubators, science and technology business incubators, organizations or individuals investing in and supporting innovative startups; science and technology market intermediaries that have earnings from provision of technology transfer services are eligible for tax incentives in accordance with regulations of the law on taxation.
This Law takes effect on July 01, 2018 and replaces the Law No. 80/2006/QH11 on technology transfer.
For more details,
click here.
Download files
here.
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
Effect status:
Known
The Effect status of this document is known.This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to view Effect status. Don’t have an account?
Register here
THE NATIONAL
ASSEMBLY
THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Independence - Freedom - Happiness
No. 07/2017/QH14
LAW
On Technology Transfer
[1]
Pursuant to the Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam;
The National Assembly promulgates the Law on Technology Transfer.
Chapter I
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Article 1.
Scope of regulation
This Law prescribes the transfer of technologies within Vietnam, from abroad into Vietnam and from Vietnam abroad; rights and obligations of organizations and individuals engaged in technology transfer; appraisal of technologies of investment projects; technology transfer contracts; measures to encourage technology transfer and develop the science and technology market; and state management of technology transfer.
Article 2.
Interpretation of terms
In this Law, the terms below are construed as follows:
1.
Knowhow
means information accumulated or discovered in the course of research, production or business, which is decisive to the quality and competitiveness of a technology or technological product. Knowhows include technical and technological ones.
2.
Technology
means a solution, process or knowhow which is accompanied or not accompanied by tools or equipment to turn resources into products.
3.
Advanced technology
means a technology of a technological level higher than that of existing technologies of the same type in Vietnam, which has been applied in reality, helping increase productivity and produce products of superior quality, and is environment-friendly.
4.
New technology
means a technology which is created or applied for the first time in Vietnam or abroad, of a technological level higher than that of existing technologies of the same type in Vietnam, is environment-friendly, applicable in reality and capable of increasing productivity and product quality.
5.
Clean technology
means a technology which releases pollutants at a low level in accordance with the law on standards and technical regulations and uses less non-renewable resources than existing technologies.
6.
High technology
means a technology which has a high content of scientific research and technological development; is integrated with state-of-the-art scientific and technological achievements; creates environment-friendly products of superior quality and features, and high added value; and plays an important role in forming a new production industry or service or modernizing an existing production industry or service.
7.
Technology transfer
means the transfer of the right to own or the right to use a technology from the party having the right to transfer the technology to another party.
8.
Transfer of technology within Vietnam
means the transfer of technology carried out on the Vietnamese territory.
9.
Transfer of technology from abroad into Vietnam
means the transfer of technology across the border into the Vietnamese territory.
10.
Transfer of technology from Vietnam abroad
means the transfer of technology from the Vietnamese territory abroad across the border.
11.
Commercialization of scientific research and technological development results
means the exploitation, perfection, application, transfer of or another activity related to scientific research and technological development results for profit-making purposes.
12.
Technology incubation
means the process aiming to create, perfect and commercialize a technology from a technological idea or scientific research and technological development results or from an imperfect technology through supporting necessary technical infrastructure, resources and services.
13.
Science and technology enterprise incubation
means the process of forming and developing a science and technology enterprise through supporting necessary technical infrastructure, resources and services.
14.
Technology incubator or science and technology enterprise incubator
means an establishment that provides legally required conditions of technical infrastructure, resources and services necessary for the incubation of technologies or science and technology enterprises.
15.
Technology innovation
means the replacement of part or the whole of a technology currently in use with that of another technology aiming to increase the productivity, quality and competitiveness of products.
16.
Technology decoding
means the process of finding out technological principles through researching and analyzing the structure, design, function and operation of a device, an object or a system that needs to be decoded in order to maintain, exploit, improve or create such device, object or system or create a new one that has equivalent features or satisfies national standards or technical regulations.
17.
Technology assessment
means the determination of the level, economic benefits and environmental and socio-economic impacts of a technology.
18.
Technology price appraisal
means the determination by an agency or organization having the technology price appraisal function of the monetary value of a technology suitable to the market price at a certain place and time for a certain purpose according to price appraisal standards.
19.
Technology inspection
means the determination of the achieved targets of a technology in the process of application against the targets agreed upon by involved parties.
20.
Technology transfer brokerage
means activities to assist in seeking partners for carrying out technology transfer.
21.
Technology transfer consultancy
means activities to assist in selecting and applying technologies; exploiting technological information and patent information, and scientific research and technological development results; negotiating, entering into and performing technology transfers.
22.
Technology transfer promotion
means activities to promote opportunities for technology transfer; provide technology advertisement, display and introduction services; and organize technology marketplaces, fairs, exhibitions, supply-demand connection points or exchange centers.
Article 3.
State policies toward technology transfer activities
1. To guarantee the lawful rights and interests of, and create favorable conditions for, organizations and individuals to carry out technology transfer activities; to develop the science and technology market and the national innovation system following the enterprise-centered approach; to raise the national technological level and potential to ensure national security and security as well as rapid and sustainable socio-economic development.
2. To diversify forms and modes of technology transfer; to encourage the transfer of technologies from various sources.
3. To prioritize the transfer from abroad into Vietnam and within Vietnam of high technologies, advanced technologies, new technologies, clean technologies and technologies serving the development of national, key and major products, and defense and security-serving technologies; to arrange investment resources for technology transfer in agriculture and rural areas; to attach importance to the transfer of technologies to socio-economic difficulty-stricken or exceptional socio-economic difficulty-stricken areas.
4. To support technological ideas, innovative startups, technology incubation, science and technology enterprise incubation; technology application and innovation and connection between scientific research and technological development organizations and training institutions and manufacturing establishments; to attach importance to commercializing domestic scientific research and technological development results; to develop intermediary organizations of the science and technology market.
5. To promote the transfer of advanced technologies and high technologies from abroad into Vietnam; to encourage the transfer of technologies from Vietnam abroad; to promote technology transfer within Vietnam; to attach importance to the spillover effects of advanced technologies and high technologies from foreign-invested enterprises to domestic ones; to promote the innovation movement among organizations and individuals.
6. To prevent and remove obsolete technologies, technologies that adversely affect socio-economic development, national defense, security, environment and human health.
Article 4.
Transferable technologies
1. Transferable technologies may be one or more than one of the following objects:
a/ Technical and technological knowhows;
b/ Technological plans or processes; technical solutions, specifications, drawings and diagrams; formulas, computer software and data;
c/ Solutions to rationalize production or innovate technologies;
d/ Machinery and equipment accompanying one of the objects defined at Points a, b and c of this Clause.
2. In case a technological object referred to in Clause 1 of this Article has its intellectual property rights protected, the transfer of intellectual property rights must comply with the law on intellectual property.
Article 5.
Forms of technology transfer
1. Independent technology transfer.
2. Technology transfer component in the following cases:
a/ Investment project;
b/ Contribution of technology as capital;
c/ Franchising;
d/ Transfer of intellectual property rights;
dd/ Purchase and sale of machinery and equipment prescribed at Point d, Clause 1, Article 4 of this Law.
3. Other forms of technology transfer as prescribed by law.
4. The technology transfers referred to in Clause 1, and at Point b, Clause 2, of this Article shall be established in contracts; the technology transfers referred to at Points a, c, d and dd, Clause 2, and in Clause 3, of this Article shall be established in contracts or contractual terms or annexes or dossiers of investment projects with contents prescribed in Article 23 of this Law.
Article 6.
Modes of technology transfer
1. Transferring technology-related documents.
2. Providing training for the transferee of a technology to master the technology within an agreed period.
3. Sending specialists to provide technical consultancy to the transferee of a technology on how to apply or operate the technology to achieve the quality and schedule targets as agreed upon.
4. Transferring machinery and equipment accompanying technologies referred to at Point d, Clause 1, Article 4 of this Law along with the modes prescribed in this Article.
5. Other modes of transfer as agreed upon by the parties.
Article 7.
The right to transfer technologies
1. The owner of a technology may transfer the right to own or to use the technology.
2. An organization or individual that has the right to use a technology may transfer such right to another organization or individual when it is so consented by the owner of the technology.
3. The scope of transfer of the right to use a technology as agreed upon by the parties covers:
a/ Exclusive or non-exclusive use of the technology;
b/ The transferee’s right to further transfer the right to use the technology to a third party.
Article 8.
Contribution of technologies as capital to investment projects
Organizations and individuals having the right to transfer a technology prescribed in Article 7 of this Law are entitled to contribute such technology as capital to an investment project; and such technology’s price shall be appraised in accordance with law if it is contributed as capital to a state-funded investment project.
Article 9.
Technologies encouraged for transfer
1. High technologies; machinery and equipment accompanying high technologies which are encouraged for transfer in accordance with the law on high technologies.
2. Advanced technologies, new technologies, or clean technologies suitable to Vietnam’s socio-economic conditions shall be encouraged for transfer from abroad into Vietnam or within Vietnam if they meet one of the following requirements:
a/ Creating products of higher quality and competitiveness than those created from existing technologies of the same type;
b/ Creating national, key and major products from domestic scientific research and technological development results;
c/ Creating a new service or industry, or farming or cultivating a new variety or breed already tested;
d/ Conserving natural resources, energy or materials compared to existing technologies of the same type in Vietnam;
dd/ Producing or using new energy or renewable energy; storing high-efficiency energy;
e/ Creating machinery and equipment to raise the quality of education and training; medical machinery and equipment and pharmaceuticals to serve human health care and raise the physical quality of Vietnamese;
g/ Having the detecting, processing and forecasting functions to prevent and control natural disasters and epidemics; serve rescue and salvage work; protect the environment, respond to climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions;
h/ Organizing synchronous production chains with high socio-economic benefits;
i/ Creating products which can concurrently be used for national defense, security and civil purposes;
k/ Developing and modernizing traditional crafts.
3. Technologies; machinery and equipment accompanying technologies prescribed at Point d, Clause 1, Article 4 of this Law currently existing in Vietnam, except technologies prescribed in Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article, and Clause 2, Article 10, of this Law; and technologies using locally made products, semi-finished products and supplies as materials .
4. The Government shall promulgate a list of technologies encouraged for transfer.
Article 10.
Technologies restricted from transfer
1. The following technologies shall be restricted from transfer from abroad into Vietnam and within Vietnam:
a/ Technologies; and machinery and equipment accompanying technologies which are no longer popularly used in industrially developed countries;
b/ Using toxic chemicals or discharging hazardous wastes satisfying national standards or technical regulations;
c/ Creating products by genetic modification;
d/ Using radioactive substances or creating radioactive substances satisfying national standards or technical regulations;
dd/ Using natural resources and minerals restricted from domestic mining;
e/ Technologies propagating, farming or cultivating new varieties or breeds not yet tested;
g/ Creating products that badly affect customs, habits, traditions and social morality.
2. The following technologies shall be restricted from transfer from Vietnam abroad:
a/ Creating traditional products made according to traditional knowhows or using and creating types, varieties and breeds in agriculture, rare and precious minerals and materials unique to Vietnam;
b/ Creating products for export to markets which are competitive to Vietnam’s national major exports.
3. The Government shall promulgate a list of technologies restricted from transfer.
Article 11.
Technologies banned from transfer
1. The following technologies shall be banned from transfer from abroad into Vietnam and within Vietnam:
a/ Failing to comply with the laws on occupational safety and health, assurance of human health, protection of natural resources, the environment and biodiversity;
b/ Creating products that exert adverse impacts on socio-economic development or badly affect national defense, security, or social order and safety;
c/ Technologies; and machinery and equipment accompanying technologies which are no longer popularly used and transferred in developing countries and do not satisfy national standards and technical regulations;
d/ Using toxic chemicals or discharging hazardous wastes that do not satisfy national standards or technical regulations on environment;
dd/ Using radioactive substances or creating radioactive substances that do not satisfy national standards or technical regulations.
2. Technologies listed as state secrets shall be banned from transfer from Vietnam abroad, unless it is permitted by another law.
3. The Government shall promulgate a list of technologies banned from transfer.
Article 12.
Prohibited acts in technology transfer
1. Abusing technology transfer to adversely affect national defense, security, national interests, human health, the environment, morality, or national fine customs and habits; infringing upon lawful rights and interests of organizations and individuals; destroying natural resources and biodiversity.
2. Transferring technologies banned from transfer; illegally transferring technologies restricted from transfer.
3. Violating regulations on the right to transfer technologies.
4. Committing deceits or forgeries in making and performing technology transfer contracts, technology transfer service contracts or technological contents in investment project contracts and dossiers.
5. Obstructing the provision of or refusing to provide information on technology transfer at the request of competent state agencies.
6. Disclosing technological secrets in contravention of law, or obstructing technology transfer.
7. Using technologies different from those already approved or licensed by competent state agencies.
Chapter II
APPRAISAL OF TECHNOLOGIES OF INVESTMENT PROJECTS
Article 13.
Appraisal of or giving opinions on technologies of investment projects
1. In the stage of investment policy decision, the appraisal of technologies of investment projects using public investment funds must comply with the law on public investment.
2. In the stage of investment policy decision prescribed in the Investment Law, the following investment projects shall be appraised or given opinions on technology by competent state management agencies:
a/ Investment projects using technologies restricted from transfer;
b/ Technology-using investment projects at risk of adversely affecting the environment in accordance with the law on environmental protection.
3. In the stage of investment decision, the appraisal of, or giving of opinions on, technology shall be carried out as follows:
a/ For construction investment projects using technologies restricted from transfer or technology-using construction investment projects at risk of adversely affecting the environment in accordance with the law on environmental protection, their technologies shall be appraised or given opinions on in accordance with this Law;
b/ For construction investment projects other than those prescribed at Point a of this Law, their technologies shall be appraised in accordance with the construction law;
c/ For investment projects using public investment funds without construction components, their technologies shall be appraised in accordance with the law on public investment.
4. In the process of implementing an approved investment project, if there is any adjustment to or change in the technological content already appraised or given opinions on, the project owner shall report it to the agency having carried out the appraisal or given opinions for the latter to appraise or give opinions on such adjustment or change.
Article 14.
Competence to appraise or give opinions on technology in the stage of investment policy decision
1. The competence to appraise technologies of investment projects using public investment funds must comply with the law on public investment.
2. The competence to appraise or give opinions on technologies of projects prescribed at Point a, Clause 2, Article 13 of this Law, and of investment projects at risk of adversely affecting the environment which use technologies restricted from transfer is prescribed below:
a/ The State Appraisal Council shall appraise technologies of investment projects on which investment policy is decided by the National Assembly;
b/ The Ministry of Science and Technology shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with related agencies and organizations in, giving opinions on technologies of investment projects on which investment policy is decided by the Prime Minister;
c/ Specialized science and technology agencies of provincial-level People’s Committees shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with related agencies and organizations in, giving opinions on technologies of projects subject to policy decision other than those prescribed at Points a and b of this Clause.
3. The competence to appraise or give opinions on technologies of investment projects prescribed at Point b, Clause 2, Article 13 of this Law is prescribed below:
a/ The State Appraisal Council shall appraise technologies of investment projects on which investment policy is decided by the National Assembly;
b/ A line ministry shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the Ministry of Science and Technology and related agencies and organizations in, giving opinions on technologies of investment projects on which investment policy is decided by the Prime Minister;
c/ The specialized science and technology agency of a provincial-level People’s Committee shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with related agencies and organizations in, giving opinions on technologies of projects subject to policy decision other than those prescribed at Points a and b of this Clause.
Article 15.
Competence to appraise or give opinions on technologies in the stage of investment decision
1. The competence to appraise or give opinions on technologies of projects prescribed at Point a, Clause 3, Article 13 of this Law is prescribed below:
a/ The State Appraisal Council shall appraise technologies of national important projects;
b/ The specialized construction agency defined in the construction law shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the same-level agency performing the state management of the concerned sector or field in, appraising technologies of projects of group A, B or C using state budget funds;
c/ The agency performing the state management of the concerned sector or field shall appraise or give opinions on technologies of projects of group A, B or C using non-budget state funds or other funds.
2. The competence to appraise technologies of investment projects prescribed at Point b, Clause 3, Article 13 of this Law must comply with the construction law.
3. The competence to appraise technologies of investment projects prescribed at Point c, Clause 3, Article 13 of this Law must comply with the law on public investment.
Article 16.
Contents of explanation about the use of technology in dossiers of investment projects
1. In the stage of investment policy decision, the contents of explanation about the use of technology in a dossier of an investment project include:
a/ Analysis and selection of technology;
b/ Name, origin and process diagram of the technology; projected list of main machinery and equipment in the selected technology line and their state and technical specifications;
c/ Documents proving that the technology has been tested (if any);
d/ Tentative plan on training and technical assistance for the operation of the technology line (if any);
dd/ Conditions for use of the technology;
e/ Preliminary assessment of the technology’s environmental impacts (if any);
g/ Draft technology transfer contract in case of contribution of technology as capital.
2. In the stage of investment decision, the contents of explanation about the use of technology in a dossier of an investment project include:
a/ Name, origin and process diagram of the technology; list of machinery and equipment in the technology line and their state and technical specifications;
b/ Products and their standards and quality;
c/ Capability to supply raw materials, fuel and materials for the technology line;
d/ Program on training and technical assistance for the operation of the technology line;
dd/ Funds to be invested in the technology, machinery, equipment, training and technical assistance.
Article 17.
Order of appraisal of or giving opinions on technologies of investment projects in the stage of investment policy decision
The order of appraisal of or giving opinions on technology in the stage of investment policy decision is prescribed below:
1. For investment projects using public investment funds, the order of appraisal of their technologies must comply with the law on public investment;
2. For investment projects prescribed in Clause 2, Article 13 of this Law on which investment policy is decided by the National Assembly, the order of appraisal of their technologies must comply with the investment law;
3. For investment projects prescribed at Point a, Clause 2, Article 13 of this Law on which investment policy is decided by the Prime Minister, within 3 working days after receiving a complete dossier of such a project, the investment registration agency shall send it to the Ministry of Science and Technology for giving opinions on the project’s technology;
4. For investment projects prescribed at Point a, Clause 2, Article 13 of this Law on which investment policy is not decided by the National Assembly or Prime Minister, within 3 working days after receiving a complete dossier of such a project, the investment registration agency shall send it to the specialized science and technology agency of the provincial-level People’s Committee for giving opinions on the project’s technology;
5. For investment projects prescribed at Point b, Clause 2, Article 13 of this Law on which investment policy is decided by the Prime Minister, within 3 working days after receiving a complete dossier of such a project, the investment registration agency shall send it to the concerned line ministry for giving opinions on the project’s technology;
6. For investment projects prescribed at Point b, Clause 2, Article 13 of this Law on which investment policy is not decided by the National Assembly or Prime Minister, within 3 working days after receiving a complete dossier of such a project, the investment registration agency shall send it to the specialized agency of the provincial-level People’s Committee for giving opinions on the project’s technology;
7. The time limit for giving opinions on technology prescribed in this Article is 15 working days from the date of receipt of a complete dossier.
Article 18.
Order of appraisal of or giving opinions on technologies of investment projects in the stage of investment decision
1. The order of appraisal of or giving opinions on technologies of projects prescribed at Point a, Clause 3, Article 13 of this Law in the stage of investment decision is prescribed below:
a/ For national important projects, the order of appraisal of their technologies must comply with the investment and public investment laws;
b/ For projects of group A, B or C using state budget funds, within 5 working days after receiving a complete dossier of such a project, the specialized construction agency prescribed in the construction law shall send a document together with relevant copies of the dossier’s documents to the same-level agency performing the state management of the related sector or field for giving opinions on the project’s technology;
c/ For projects of group A, B or C using non-budget state funds or other funds, the project owner shall send the basic design dossier of such a project to the specialized construction agency prescribed in the construction law for appraisal, except appraisal of the technological design; and concurrently send it to the same-level agency performing the  state management of the related sector or field for giving opinions on the project’s technology.
In case the specialized construction agency is also the agency performing the state management of the related sector or field, it shall appraise the basic design that also covers the technological design;
d/ The time limit for giving opinions on technology is 20 days for projects of group A, 15 days for projects of group B, or 10 days for projects of group C, counting from the date of receipt of a complete dossier; when it is necessary to extend this time limit, the extended time must not be longer than the initial time limit prescribed at this Point. The competent agency shall notify the extension and its reasons in writing to the specialized construction agency or project owner.
In case the specialized construction agency is also the agency performing the state management of the related sector or field, the time limit for appraisal of a technological design is included in the time limit for appraisal of a basic design prescribed in the construction law.
2. The order of appraisal of technologies of investment projects prescribed at Point b, Clause 3, Article 13 of this Law must comply with the construction law.
3. The order of appraisal of technologies of investment projects prescribed at Point c, Clause 3, Article 13 of this Law must comply with the law on public investment.
Article 19.
Contents of appraisal of or opinions on technologies of investment projects
1. The contents of appraisal of or opinions on technologies of investment projects in the stage of investment policy decision are prescribed below:
a/ Suitability of the selected technology;
b/ Evidence of the use of the technology in developed countries (if any);
c/ Training and technical assistance for the operation of the technology line (if any) of the project;
d/ Satisfaction of conditions for use of the technology;
dd/ Preliminary assessment of the technology’s environmental impacts;
e/ Draft technology transfer contract (if any);
g/ For investment projects in a hi-tech park, the contents of appraisal of or opinions on their technologies must comply with the provisions of this Clause and be based on the criteria and standards prescribed in the law on high technologies.
2. The contents of appraisal of or opinions on technologies in the stage of investment decision are prescribed below:
a/ Conformity of the technology, machinery and equipment with the plan selected in the stage of investment policy decision; relevant standards, technical regulations and other relevant regulations;
b/ Products and their standards and quality;
c/ Suitability of and capability to supply raw materials, fuel and materials for the operation of the technology, machinery and equipment;
d/ Program on training and technical assistance for the operation of the technology line, machinery and equipment;
dd/ Funds to be invested in the technology, machinery, equipment, training and technical assistance.
Article 20.
Appraisal of or collection of opinions on technologies of investment projects
1. The agency competent to appraise or give opinions on technologies of investment projects shall appraise or give opinions on technologies of investment projects; if it needs expert opinions, such opinions may be collected from:
a/ A science and technology advisory council;
b/ Independent consultancy organizations and consultants.
2. An advisory council shall be formed under decision of the agency in charge of giving opinions on technology. It shall work on the principles of democracy, objectivity, honesty, law observance and professional ethics. It shall take responsibility for its conclusions and recommendations before the agency that has formed it. Its conclusions and recommendations shall be expressed in writing.
3. An advisory council’s members shall take responsibility before law for their opinions and keep confidential information relating to the investment project appraised. Their opinions shall be expressed in writing.
4. Funds for collecting opinions on technologies of investment projects are prescribed below:
a/ In the stage of investment policy decision, these funds shall be covered by the state budget;
b/ In the stage of investment decision, these funds shall be borne by the project owner and included in the total investment amount.
Article 21.
Examination and supervision of technologies in investment projects and technology transfers
1. The application and transfer of technologies in investment projects under Article 13 of this Law shall be examined and supervised in the course of implementation.
2. The state management agency in charge of investment shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with specialized state management agencies in, examining and supervising technologies in investment projects along with examining and monitoring investment in accordance with law.
3. The state management agency in charge of science and technology shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with related agencies in, examining technology transfers as follows:
a/ According to plan;
b/ When detecting signs of violation of regulations on technology application and transfer in the course of implementation of investment projects and technology transfers.
Chapter III
TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER CONTRACTS
Article 22.
Entry into and performance of a technology transfer contract
1. A technology transfer contract shall be entered into in writing or in another form regarded as being established in writing under the Civil Code. The written contract shall bear the signatures and seals (if any) of the contractual parties; and these signatures and seals (if any) on adjoining pages of the contract and its annex(es).
2. The language used in a technology transfer contract shall be agreed upon by the contractual parties.
3. A technology transfer contract shall be entered into and performed in accordance with this Law, the Civil Code, the Commercial Law, the Law on Intellectual Property, the Competition Law and relevant laws.
Article 23.
Contents of a technology transfer contract
1. Name of transferred technology.
2. Transferred technology, products to be created by the technology and their standards and quality.
3. Transfer of the right to own or right to use the technology.
4. Mode of technology transfer.
5. Rights and obligations of the parties.
6. Payment price and method.
7. Effective time and validity duration of the contract.
8. Definitions and terms used in the contract (if any).
9. Technology transfer plan, schedule and place.
10. Responsibility to warrant the transferred technology.
11. Fine for breaches of the contract.
12. Liability for breaches of the contract.
13. Dispute settlement body.
14. Other contents as agreed upon by the parties.
Article 24.
Validity period and effective time of a technology transfer contract
1. The validity period of a technology transfer contract may be agreed upon by the contractual parties.
2. The effective time of a technology transfer contract may be agreed upon by the contractual parties; if the parties make no agreement on this time, it is the time of entry into the contract, except the case prescribed in Clause 3 of this Article.
3. A contract on the transfer of a technology restricted from transfer takes effect on the date of grant of the technology transfer license.
A technology transfer contract subject to registration under Clauses 1 and 2, Article 31 of this Law takes effect on the date of grant of the technology transfer registration certificate; in case of extension or modification, the extended or modified contract takes effect on the date of grant of the certificate of registration of extension or modification of technology transfer.
Article 25.
Rights and obligations of the technology transferor
1. The technology transferor has the following rights:
a/ To request the technology transferee to strictly fulfill the contractual commitments;
b/ To get full payments and enjoy other rights and interests as agreed upon in the contract;
c/ To hire organizations or individuals to provide technology transfer services in accordance with law;
d/ To request a competent state agency to protect the lawful rights and interests related to the transferred technology;
dd/ Unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties, to request the technology transferee that fails to strictly perform the contractual obligations to take remedial measures or pay damages;
e/ Other rights as prescribed by law.
2. The technology transferor has the following obligations:
a/ Unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties, to ensure that the technology transfer right is lawful and not restricted by a third party;
b/ To strictly fulfill the contractual commitments; and pay compensation for damage caused due to the transferor’s breach of contract to the technology transferee or a third party;
c/ To keep confidential technology-related and other information in the course of negotiating, entering into and performing the contract as agreed upon;
d/ When detecting technical problems which make technology transfer results likely to be unsatisfactory as committed in the contract, to notify the technology transferee thereof and take appropriate remedies;
dd/ Unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties, to apply for a technology transfer license in case of transfer from Vietnam abroad of a technology restricted from transfer;
e/ To perform financial and other obligations as prescribed by law.
Article 26.
Rights and obligations of the technology transferee
1. The technology transferee has the following rights:
a/ To request the technology transferor to strictly fulfill the contractual commitments;
b/ To request a competent state agency to protect the transferee’s lawful rights and interests related to the transferred technology;
c/ To hire organizations or individuals to provide technology transfer services in accordance with law;
d/ Unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties, to request the technology transferor that fails to strictly perform the contractual obligations to take remedial measures and pay damages;
dd/ Other rights as prescribed by law.
2. The technology transferee has the following obligations:
a/ To strictly fulfill the contractual commitments; to pay damages to the technology transferor or a third party for the transferee’s breach of contract;
b/ To keep confidential technology-related and other information in the course of negotiating, entering into and performing the contract as agreed upon;
c/ Unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties, to apply for a technology transfer license in case of transfer from abroad into Vietnam of a technology restricted from transfer;
d/ To perform financial and other obligations in accordance with law.
Article 27.
Payment prices and modes in technology transfer
1. The price of a transferred technology shall be agreed upon by the parties.
2. Payment may be made by the following modes:
a/ Payment in a lump sum or installments in cash or in kind;
b/ Conversion of the technology’s value into capital contributed to an investment project or to capital of an enterprise in accordance with law;
c/ Payment in percentage (%) of net selling price;
d/ Payment in percentage (%) of net turnover;
dd/ Payment in percentage (%) of pre-tax profit of the transferee;
e/ Other modes as agreed upon by the parties.
3. The price of a transferred technology shall be audited and must comply with the price and tax laws in the following cases:
a/ The technology is transferred between parties one or more than one of which operates with state funds;
b/ The technology is transferred between parties that have parent company-subsidiary relations;
c/ The technology is transferred between related parties as prescribed by tax laws.
4. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 28.
Transfer of technologies restricted from transfer
1. Transfer of technologies restricted from transfer prescribed in Article 10 of this Law must obtain a technology transfer license.
2. The licensing of technology transfer must follow the order below:
a/ Approving technology transfer.
Approval of technology transfer is not required in case of transfer of a technology of an investment project which has been appraised and given opinions on in the stage of investment policy decision or investment decision;
b/ Granting a technology transfer license.
3. Annually, the technology transferee, in case of transfer of technologies from abroad into Vietnam or within Vietnam, or the technology transferor, in case of transfer of technologies from Vietnam abroad, shall report on the performance of the technology transfer contract according to regulations of the Ministry of Science and Technology.
Article 29.
Dossiers, order and procedures to request approval of technology transfer
1. A dossier of request for approval of technology transfer must comprise:
a/ A written request for approval of technology transfer;
b/ A document on the requester’s legal status;
c/ Explanatory documents on the technology;
d/ Explanatory documents on the technology use conditions as prescribed by law;
dd/ Explanatory documents on the conformity with the law on standards and technical regulations.
2. For transferring a technology restricted from transfer, a dossier of request for approval of technology transfer shall be sent to the Ministry of Science and Technology.
3. Within 3 working days after receiving a dossier, the Ministry of Science and Technology shall consider it; if the dossier is incomplete, it shall send a written request to the requester for supplementing the dossier as prescribed.
4. Within 30 days after receiving a complete dossier, the Ministry of Science and Technology shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with related ministries and sectors in, issuing a written approval of technology transfer; in case of disapproval, it shall issue a written reply clearly stating the reason.
5. The Minister of Science and Technology shall issue the forms of the written request for approval of technology transfer and of the explanatory document on technology.
Article 30.
Dossiers, order and procedures to apply for technology transfer licenses
1. A dossier of application for a technology transfer license must comprise:
a/ An application for a technology transfer license, stating the commitment on the parties’ responsibility for the lawfulness of the contents of the contract;
b/ Documents evidencing the legal status of the parties to the technology transfer contract;
c/ The original or a certified copy of the Vietnamese-language technology transfer contract; in case the contract is not made in Vietnamese, a notarized or certified Vietnamese translation thereof is required;
d/ A list of documents on the technology, machinery and equipment (if any) accompanying the technology transfer contract;
dd/ Certified copies of the titles of protection of intellectual property subject matters (if any);
e/ Standards and quality of products created or services provided through the application of the transferred technology;
g/ Explanations about the technology use conditions;
h/ The written appraisal of the price of the transferred technology in case the transferee uses state funds.
2. After obtaining a written approval from the Ministry of Science and Technology, the technology transferor shall sign the technology transfer contract.
3. Within 60 days after signing the technology transfer contract, the party obliged to apply for a technology transfer license shall send 1 set of dossier of application for such license to the Ministry of Science and Technology.
4. Within 5 working days after receiving a dossier, the Ministry of Science and Technology shall look through it; if the dossier is incomplete, the Ministry of Science and Technology shall send a written request to the applicant for modification or supplementation of the dossier as prescribed.
Within 60 days after the date of issuance of the written request for dossier modification or supplementation, the parties shall modify or supplement the dossier as requested or may make a written request for extension of the time limit for modification or supplementation. The extended time must not exceed 60 days; past this time limit, if the parties fail to modify or supplement the dossier as requested, the Ministry of Science and Technology shall issue a notice to refuse the grant of a technology transfer license and, if requested, return the dossier.
5. Within 15 working days after receiving a complete dossier, the Ministry of Science and Technology shall appraise the dossier and grant a technology transfer license; if refusing to grant a license, it shall issue a written reply clearly stating the reason.
6. If wishing to change a content of a technology transfer license, the requester shall apply for a new license.
7. The Minister of Science and Technology shall issue the forms of the application for a technology transfer license and of the license.
Article 31.
Registration of technology transfer
1. Except technologies restricted from transfer for which technology transfer licenses have been granted, a technology transfer contract and the technology transfer component prescribed in Clause 2, Article 5 of this Law falling into one of the following cases shall be registered with the state management agency in charge of science and technology:
a/ Transfer of technologies from abroad into Vietnam;
b/ Transfer of technologies from Vietnam abroad;
c/ Transfer within Vietnam of technologies funded with state capital or by the state budget, except cases in which certificates of registration of results of performance of science and technology tasks have been granted.
2. The State shall encourage the registration of technology transfer contracts not subject to registration under Clause 1 of this Article.
3. A dossier of registration of technology transfer must comprise:
a/ A written request for registration of technology transfer, stating the commitment on the parties’ responsibility for the lawfulness of the contents of the contract;
b/ The original or a certified copy of the written agreement on technology transfer with the contents prescribed in Article 23 of this Law; if such agreement is not made in Vietnamese, a notarized or certified Vietnamese translation thereof is required.
4. Within 90 days after signing the written agreement on technology transfer, the party obliged to register the technology transfer shall send 1 set of dossier to the state management agency in charge of science and technology to apply for a technology transfer registration certificate.
5. Within 5 working days after receiving a complete dossier, the state management agency in charge of science and technology shall consider and decide to grant a technology transfer registration certificate; if refusing to grant such certificate, it shall issue a written reply clearly stating the reason.
6. The state management agency in charge of science and technology shall refuse to grant a technology transfer registration certificate in the following cases:
a/ The contract involves a technology restricted from transfer;
b/ The contract involves no technology or has no content on technology transfer;
c/ The contract’s content contravenes this Law.
7. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 32.
Validity of technology transfer licenses and technology transfer registration certificates
1. A technology transfer license or technology transfer registration certificate becomes effective on the date of its grant.
2. The agency that grants a technology transfer license or technology transfer registration certificate is competent to invalidate such license or certificate in the following cases:
a/ A violation of the contents of the license or certificate is committed;
b/ The dossier of application for such license or certificate has been forged;
c/ It is so requested by a competent state agency in case a violation of a relevant law is committed.
3. The holder of the invalidated technology transfer registration certificate shall refund under the Government’s regulations all supports and incentives he/she/it has already received to the State
Article 33.
Extension, modification and supplementation of technology transfer contents
1. When the parties agree to extend or modify and supplement the technology transfer content for which a registration certificate has been granted, they shall send a dossier prescribed in Clause 2 of this Article to the agency that has granted such certificate for the latter to grant a certificate of registration of extension or modification and supplementation of technology transfer content.
2. A dossier for registration of extension or modification and supplementation of technology transfer content must comprise:
a/ A written request for registration of extension or modification and supplementation of technology transfer content;
b/ The original or a certified copy of the Vietnamese-language document on extension or modification and supplementation of technology transfer content; if such document is not made in Vietnamese, a notarized or certified Vietnamese translation thereof is required.
3. The order and procedures for extension or modification and supplementation of technology transfer content must comply with Clauses 4, 5 and 6, Article 31 of this Law.
4. The Minister of Science and Technology shall issue the forms of the written request for extension or modification and supplementation of technology transfer content and of the certificate of registration of extension or modification and supplementation of technology transfer content.
Article 34.
Obligation to secure confidentiality in the grant of technology transfer licenses or technology transfer registration certificates
Agencies and persons responsible for granting technology transfer licenses or technology transfer registration certificates shall keep confidential information in relevant dossiers.
Chapter IV
MEASURES TO ENCOURAGE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER AND DEVELOP THE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MARKET
Section 1
PROMOTION OF TECHNOLOGY APPLICATION AND INNOVATION
Article 35.
Supports and incentives for enterprises to apply and innovate technologies
1. The State shall support enterprises with projects in geographical areas and fields eligible for investment incentives to engage in technology transfers with science and technology organizations.
2. Enterprises may use their own science and technology development funds to invest in, provide counterpart funds or receive counterpart funds for investment in technology innovation, technology incubation, science and technology enterprise incubation, innovative startups, or commercialization of their own scientific research and technological development results, and pay for other expenses in accordance with the law on science and technology.
3. The right to own, the right to use and other rights derived from scientific research and technological development results and intellectual property subject matters which may be valuated are property rights.
The science and technology development funds, the national technology innovation fund and credit institutions may accept the property rights defined in this Clause as security for loans borrowed for investment in science and technology projects, innovative startups and development of production and business from scientific research and technological development results.
4. The State shall encourage cooperation in various forms between enterprises and agencies, organizations and individuals to implement investment projects on technology innovation, innovative startups and development of infrastructure facilities to serve science and technology development and researches for common interests.
5. Enterprises investing in physical and technical facilities to serve technology decoding and organizations and individuals engaged in technology decoding are entitled to the following incentives:
a/ Capital support, loan guarantee, support for interests on loans from the national technology innovation fund and credit institutions;
b/ Other supports and incentives as prescribed by this Law and relevant laws.
6. Socio-political organizations, social organizations and socio-professional organizations shall, within the ambit of their respective functions and tasks, facilitate the transfer of technologies to organizations, individuals and enterprises.
7. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 36.
Promotion of commercialization of scientific research and technological development results
1. Scientific research and technological development results being public property shall be managed and used in accordance with the law on management and use of public property.
2. For scientific research and technological development results achieved with the State’s financial support, the assignment of the right to own them is prescribed below:
a/ In case the State provides financial support for the performance of scientific research and technological development tasks to an organization investing in physical and technical foundations and finance which concurrently assumes the prime responsibility for performing such tasks, the State shall assign the right to own scientific research and technological development results to that organization;
b/ In case the State provides financial support for the performance of scientific research and technological development tasks on the basis of cooperation between an organization investing in physical and technical foundations and finance and an organization assuming the prime responsibility for performing these tasks, the State shall assign the right to own scientific research and technological development results according to the agreement between these two organizations.
3. The division of profits from the commercialization of scientific research and technological development results achieved with state budget funds must ensure the interests of the owner, author, organization with the prime responsibility, intermediary organization, and organizations and individuals involved in the commercialization in accordance with relevant laws.
4. For organizations and individuals investing in scientific research and technological development with their own funds, after their scientific research and technological development results are transferred and applied effectively in reality and such is recognized by the state management agency in charge of science and technology, they shall be provided with financial support from the state budget; in case the results are of important significance to socio-economic development or national defense and security, the State shall consider buying them.
The state management agency in charge of science and technology shall organize the collection, assessment, selection, recognition and announcement of scientific research and technological development results to serve the demands for innovation of organizations and individuals in the sectors, trades and fields under its decentralized management.
5. When science and technology organizations owning scientific research and technological development results cooperate with local technology application and transfer organizations, they shall be provided with state budget funds earmarked for science and technology for perfecting such results to suit the local conditions.
6. Individuals of research institutions and higher education institutions carrying out technology research, transfer, application and innovation activities at production and business establishments shall be provided with state budget funds earmarked for science and technology and with other lawful funds.
7. The management and use of assets equipped for the performance of science and technology tasks after these tasks are finished must comply with the law on management of public property.
8. The State shall facilitate the establishment of industrial property rights, recognition and registration for circulation of new products and technologies for organizations and individuals that commercialize scientific research and technological development results and technology transfers.
9. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 37.
The national technology innovation program
1. The national technology innovation program aims to achieve the following objectives:
a/ To raise the national technological capacity and technology transfer efficiency;
b/ To serve the development of national, key and major products;
c/ To create favorable conditions for medium- and small-sized enterprises to apply technologies, commercialize scientific research and technological development results and innovate technologies;
d/ To increase technological resources in rural, mountainous, socio-economic difficulty-stricken or exceptional socio-economic difficulty-stricken areas.
2. Based on national socio-economic development tasks in each period, the Ministry of Science and Technology shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with related ministries, ministerial-level agencies and government-attached agencies in, formulating and submitting to the Prime Minister for approval the national technology innovation program.
Article 38.
The national technology innovation fund
1. The national technology renovation fund shall be formed to achieve the following objectives:
a/ To support enterprises in the transfer, innovation and perfection of technologies encouraged for transfer defined in Article 9 of this Law;
b/ To promote technology transfer serving agricultural development in rural, mountainous, socio-economic difficulty-stricken or exceptional socio-economic difficulty-stricken areas;
c/ To support technology incubation, science and technology enterprise incubation and technology decoding;
d/ To support the training of scientific and technological personnel to serve technology transfer, innovation and perfection.
2. The national technology innovation fund shall provide supports in the following forms:
a/ Providing preferential loans;
b/ Providing supports on loan interests;
c/ Granting guarantee for loans;
d/ Providing funding supports.
3. The national technology innovation fund shall be formed from the following sources:
a/ Voluntary contributions of domestic and foreign organizations and individuals;
b/ Loan interests;
c/ Charter capital supports from the state budget;
d/ Other lawful sources.
4. The Prime Minister shall decide on the formation, management and use of the national technology innovation fund.
Article 39.
Tax policies to promote technology transfer, application and innovation
The following are entitled to incentives in accordance with tax laws:
1. Machinery, equipment, spare parts, supplies, samples and technologies which cannot be produced or created at home yet and are imported for direct use in research and development activities, decoding, technology innovation and technology transfer; and scientific documents, books and newspapers serving innovative startups and science and technology enterprise development;
2. Technology incubators and science and technology enterprise incubators, organizations and individuals investing in and supporting innovative startups; and intermediary organizations of the science and technology market earning incomes from the provision of technology transfer services;
3. Transferors of technologies abroad from Vietnam; and organizations and individuals engaged in scientific research and technological development, technology transfer and technology decoding at enterprises;
4. Transferors of technologies encouraged for transfer.
Article 40.
Development of technologies to create and perfect national, key and major products
1. Priority shall be given to the transfer of technologies to create national, key and major products from domestic scientific research and technological development results.
2. It is encouraged to develop technologies that create and perfect national, key and major products that are competitive on domestic and foreign markets.
3. The State shall adopt policies and measures to promote the perfection of the design and manufacturing of machinery and equipment created by Vietnam to be competitive on the market.
4. Enterprises and organizations transferring, applying and perfecting technologies that create national, key and major products are entitled to incentives prescribed by law.
5. The Government shall detail this Article.
Section 2
DEVELOPMENT OF THE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MARKET
Article 41.
Measures to develop the science and technology market
1. The State shall adopt policies and measures to support and invest state budget funds earmarked for science and technology in and mobilize other lawful funds for the development of the science and technology market through developing sources of technology supply and demand and intermediary organizations of the science and technology market prescribed in Articles 42 and 43 of this Law.
2. Based on the national socio-economic development tasks in each period, the Ministry of Science and Technology shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with related ministries and ministerial-level agencies in, formulating and submitting to the Prime Minister for approval programs on development of the national science and technology market.
Article 42.
Development of sources of technology supply and demand of the science and technology market
Sources of technology supply and demand of the science and technology market shall be developed through:
1. Importing, decoding and mastering high technologies, advanced technologies and clean technologies to serve the achievement of the objectives of national, sectoral, regional and local socio-economic development strategies, master plans and plans;
2. Procuring, studying and perfecting patents and initiatives already applied effectively on a small scale for transfer to enterprises for application and popularization to the public;
3. Promoting the exploitation and use of scientific research and technological development results and technological ideas to serve science and technology enterprises, hi-tech enterprises, individuals’ and groups of individuals’ innovative startups, organizations supporting innovation, supporting innovative startups, technology incubators, science and technology enterprise incubators and hi-tech enterprise incubators;
4. Assessing and appraising new technologies and products created in Vietnam from scientific research and technological development results which have prices and quality equivalent to imported ones in order to encourage their use in state-funded investment projects and prioritize them in bidding for procurement and provision of public products and services.
5. Providing training to raise the capacity to absorb and master technologies for enterprises; commercializing scientific research and technological development results; linking and exchanging scientific and technological personnel between research institutions or training institutions and production and business establishments.
6. Exploiting and providing technological information for enterprises and business associations, professional associations, cooperatives, and intellectual property service, investment promotion and trade promotion organizations.
7. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 43.
Development of intermediary organizations of the science and technology market
1. Intermediary organizations of the science and technology market are those providing the services of technology transfer brokerage, consultancy and promotion, technology assessment, price appraisal and inspection, connection of and support for technology suppliers and demanders and other parties in technology-related transactions.
2. The State shall implement the following measures to develop intermediary organizations of the science and technology market:
a/ Building technical infrastructure and supporting the operation of the national technology exchange and the national technological startup support center in the first 5 years of operation;
b/ Supporting human resource training for intermediary organizations;
c/ Supporting and building capacity to exploit information on technology, intellectual property and scientific research and technological development results at home and abroad for providers of technology transfer brokerage, consultancy and promotion, technology assessment, price appraisal and inspection services.
3. Organizations and individuals are encouraged to carry out technology transfer brokerage, consultancy and promotion activities in research institutions and training institutions; to establish a network linking technology consultancy and transfer activities at home and abroad.
4. The Government shall detail this Article.
Article 44.
Announcement, demonstration and introduction of technologies
1. Technology marketplaces, technology fairs, technology exhibitions, technology supply-demand connection points, technology exchanges and technology transaction centers are places for displaying, introducing, purchasing and selling technologies and promoting technology transfer.
2. In announcing, demonstrating and introducing technologies, competent state management agencies in charge of science and technology have the following responsibilities:
a/ To announce an annual list of technologies created with state budget funds on their portals, unless otherwise prescribed by law;
b/ To encourage and support enterprises, organizations and individuals to announce new technologies they have created by themselves.
3. The State shall adopt measures to support owners of new technologies created at home in announcing, demonstrating and introducing those technologies, and participating in domestic and overseas technology marketplaces and fairs.
Section 3
TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER SERVICES
Article 45.
Types of technology transfer services
1. Technology transfer brokerage.
2. Technology transfer consultancy.
3. Technology assessment.
4. Technology price appraisal.
5. Technology inspection.
6. Technology transfer promotion.
Article 46.
Rights of providers of technology transfer services
1. Providers of technology transfer services have the following rights:
a/ To request service users to provide information and documents necessary for the provision of technology transfer services;
b/ To enjoy incomes and other benefits from the provision of technology transfer services as agreed upon;
c/ To employ collaborators and specialists in the provision of technology transfer services;
d/ To use the technological database in accordance with law;
dd/ To request service users to pay compensation for damage caused due to their fault;
e/ To enter into cooperation or joint venture with organizations and individuals in order to provide technology transfer services;
g/ To join domestic and international professional associations in accordance with law;
h/ Other rights as prescribed by this Law and relevant laws.
2. Organizations and individuals carrying out technology transfer brokerage, consultancy and promotion activities have the rights prescribed in Clause 1 of this Article and enjoy profits from the use and transfer of the right to use, transfer and contribute as capital state-funded scientific research and technological development results.
Article 47.
Obligations of providers of technology transfer services
1. Providers of technology transfer services have the following obligations:
a/ To perform technology transfer service contracts already entered into;
b/ To take responsibility for the results of the provision of their technology transfer services;
c/ To pay compensation for damage caused due to their fault to service users;
d/ To preserve and return documents and equipment given by service users to the latter after completing services as agreed upon;
dd/ To promptly notify service users when information and documents are insufficient for completing services;
e/ To keep information confidential as agreed upon in technology transfer service contracts;
g/ To fulfill financial and other obligations as prescribed by law.
2. In addition to the obligations prescribed in Clause 1 of this Article, technology assessment, price appraisal and inspection service providers have the following obligations:
a/ To register their eligibility to provide technology assessment, price appraisal and inspection services in accordance with law;
b/ To send annual reports on technology assessment, price appraisal and inspection activities to competent state management agencies in charge of science and technology.
Article 48.
Organizations carrying out technology assessment, price appraisal and inspection activities
1. Organizations carrying out technology assessment, price appraisal and inspection activities are science and technology organizations or enterprises operating in the field of technology assessment, price appraisal and inspection.
2. Organizations carrying out technology price appraisal activities must satisfy the conditions prescribed in the price law and special conditions on staff and physical and technical foundations.
3. The Government shall stipulate in detail the competence, order, procedures and conditions for grant of certificates of eligibility to provide technology assessment and inspection services, and special conditions on staff and physical and technical conditions for organizations carrying out technology price appraisal activities.
Section 4
TRANSFER OF TECHNOLOGIES TO RURAL, MOUNTAINOUS, ISLAND, SOCIO-ECONOMIC DIFFICULTY-STRICKEN OR EXCEPTIONAL SOCIO-ECONOMIC DIFFICULTY-STRICKEN AREAS
Article 49.
Technologies encouraged for transfer to rural, mountainous, island, socio-economic difficulty-stricken or exceptional socio-economic difficulty-stricken areas
The technologies prescribed in Article 9 of this Law and the following technologies are encouraged for transfer to rural, mountainous, island, socio-economic difficulty-stricken or exceptional socio-economic difficulty-stricken areas:
1. Technologies in the field of conservation and development of genetic resources; selection, creation and raising of the economic value of plant varieties and animal breeds;
2. Technologies for planting, culturing, preserving or processing agricultural, forest or salt products, herbal plants, mushrooms, and agricultural and aquatic microorganisms;
3. Technologies for the prevention and control of diseases and epidemics for plant varieties, animal breeds and herbal plants;
4. Technologies for creating, exploiting and conserving clean water sources; and technologies to treat water in aquaculture;
5. Technologies for raising the productivity, quality and efficiency of traditional products of craft villages and localities.
Article 50.
Responsibilities of organizations and individuals in the transfer of technologies to rural, mountainous, island, socio-economic difficulty-stricken or exceptional socio-economic difficulty-stricken areas
1. Programs or projects on popularization of plant varieties and animal breeds or technologies for planting, culturing, preserving or processing agricultural, forest, aquatic and salt products must have technology transfer contents.
2. Popularizers or transferors of technologies for planting, culturing, preserving or processing agricultural, forest, aquatic and salt products shall report on their activities to state management agencies in charge of science and technology in localities where they transfer these technologies.
3. Suppliers of plant varieties and animal breeds or transferors of technologies for planting, culturing, preserving or processing agricultural, forest, aquatic and salt products shall guide users on planting, culturing, preserving or processing technologies and pay compensation for damage caused by such supply or transfer.
4. Other responsibilities prescribed by law.
Article 51.
Responsibilities of state management agencies for the transfer of technologies to rural, mountainous, island, socio-economic difficulty-stricken or exceptional socio-economic difficulty-stricken areas
1. Local state management agencies in charge of science and technology shall guide and facilitate the popularization and transfer of plant varieties and animal breeds or technologies for planting, culturing, preserving or processing agricultural, forest, aquatic and salt products; promote technology transfers in their localities; and inspect, detect and ban in time the popularization and supply of plant varieties, animal breeds or technologies which cause damage to users.
2. Annually, the Ministry of Science and Technology shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with related ministries, ministerial-level agencies and government-attached agencies in, evaluating technology transfers in rural, mountainous, island, socio-economic difficulty-stricken or exceptional socio-economic difficulty-stricken areas.
Article 52.
Technology transfer in agriculture
1. It is encouraged to transfer technical advances related to varieties, breeds, products, production processes, technical solutions and managerial solutions in agriculture.
2. Technology transfer in agriculture shall be carried out in the forms prescribed in this Law or specific forms including agriculture extension programs or plans and other technology transfer programs and plans approved by competent state agencies.
3. Technology transfer in agriculture shall be carried by the methods prescribed in this Law or specific methods including training, refresher training, demonstration model, and information dissemination.
4. The Government shall stipulate in detail specific forms and methods referred to in Clauses 2 and 3 of this Article; transferors and transferees in the specific forms and according to the specific methods referred to in Clauses 2 and 3 of this Article; and policies on technology transfer in agriculture.
5. The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development shall promulgate a list of technical advances related to varieties, breeds, products, production processes, technical solutions and managerial solutions encouraged for transfer in agriculture; and criteria, order and procedures for recognition as technical advances.
Chapter V
STATE MANAGEMENT OF TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER
Article 53.
Responsibilities of the Government
1. To unify the state management of technology transfer activities.
2. To direct, promulgate, and organize the implementation of, legal documents, strategies, plans, mechanisms, policies and measures to promote technology transfer and innovation suitable to each period of national socio-economic development.
3. To assign and decentralize the performance of the state management of technology transfer.
4. To promulgate a list of technologies encouraged for transfer, a list of technologies restricted from transfer and a list of technologies banned from transfer.
Article 54.
Responsibilities of the Ministry of Science and Technology
1. To act as the focal agency to assist the Government in unifying the state management of technology transfer.
2. To assume the prime responsibility for formulating programs, schemes and policies on the import of technologies, development of the science and technology market and promotion of technology transfer, application and innovation, and submit them to the Prime Minister for decision.
3. To draw up a list of technologies encouraged for transfer, a list of technologies restricted from transfer and a list of technologies banned from transfer, and submit them to the Government for promulgation.
4. To grant and revoke technology transfer licenses for technologies on the list of technologies restricted from transfer.
5. To appraise, give opinions on, examine and supervise technologies of investment projects according to its competence.
6. To guide the assessment of technological level and capacity in different sectors and fields according to requirements of socio-economic development and international economic integration in each period.
7. To organize the assessment, selection and announcement of technologies created from scientific research and technological development results.
8. To organize training to raise professional knowledge and skills in technology transfer, commercialization of scientific research and technological development results, and technology application and innovation.
9. To organize the compilation of statistics on technology transfer, application and innovation in accordance with law, and build a database on technology.
10. To conduct inspection and examination, settle complaints and denunciations, and handle violations of the law on technology transfer.
11. To implement international cooperation on technology transfer according to its competence.
12. To organize the dissemination of and education about the law on technology transfer.
13. To prepare government reports on technology transfer and five-year national reports on technology innovation.
14. To perform other tasks as prescribed by law.
Article 55.
Responsibilities of ministries and ministerial-level agencies
1. Within the fields under their respective management, ministries and ministerial-level agencies shall coordinate with the Ministry of Science and Technology in performing the state management of technology transfer as follows:
a/ Proposing technologies for the list of technologies encouraged for transfer, the list of technologies restricted from transfer and the list of technologies banned from transfer;
b/ Formulating plans, schemes, programs, measures, mechanisms and policies to promote technology transfer, application and innovation;
c/ Examining and supervising technologies and the quality of products, goods and services created from technology transfer, application and innovation.
2. To organize the assessment, selection and announcement of technologies created from scientific research and technological development results, and create favorable conditions for enterprises to acquire such technologies in the fields under their respective management.
3. To create favorable conditions for the transfer of technologies, especially those encouraged for transfer, and for the transfer of technologies to geographical areas where technology transfer is encouraged.
4. To appraise, give opinions on, examine and supervise technologies of investment projects and technology transfers in accordance with law.
5. To implement international cooperation on technology transfer according to their respective competence.
6. To compile annual statistics on technology transfer, application and innovation and send them to the Ministry of Science and Technology.
Article 56.
Responsibilities of provincial-level People’s Committees
Within the ambit of their functions and powers, provincial-level People’s Committees shall perform the state management of technology transfer with the following responsibilities:
1. To promulgate according to their competence or submit to competent authorities for  promulgation, and organize the implementation of, legal documents, mechanisms, policies, strategies, schemes, programs and plans on technology transfer, application and innovation in their localities;
2. To organize appraisal of and give opinions on technologies of investment projects in accordance with law;
3. To facilitate technology transfer, application and innovation in their localities;
4. To timely stop in accordance with law the transfer of plant varieties and animal breeds not yet recognized as technical advances; and agricultural supplies not yet permitted for production and trading, use or circulation;
5. To organize the examination and evaluation of technology transfers in their localities; to build and manage systems of databases, information and statistics on technology transfer, application and innovation; to report on statistics on technology transfer, application and innovation to competent state management agencies in charge of science and technology;
6. To disseminate and educate about, and guide the implementation of, the law on technology transfer;
7. To conduct inspection and examination, settle complaints and denunciations, and handle violations of the law on technology transfer according to their competence.
Article 57.
Statistics on technology transfer, application and innovation
The compilation of statistics on technology transfer, application and innovation must comply with the law on statistics and the following provisions:
1. Technology transfer, application and innovation constitute part of annual statistical reports of the state management agency in charge of science and technology.
Annually, the Ministry of Science and Technology shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with other ministries and ministerial-level agencies in, compiling statistics on technology transfer, application and innovation nationwide;
2. The Ministry of Science and Technology shall coordinate with the central statistics office attached to the Ministry of Planning and Investment in developing a system of statistical indexes and organizing the collection of statistics on technology transfer, application and innovation activities of enterprises; coordinate with the central tax administration agency and customs agency attached to the Ministry of Finance in connecting and sharing statistics on technology transfer, application and innovation;
3. Provincial-level People’s Committees shall compile statistics on technology transfer, application and innovation in their localities;
4. Organizations and individuals shall, when requested by the statistics office to provide information on technology transfer, application and innovation activities, provide truthful, accurate, adequate and timely information;
5. The Ministry of Science and Technology shall promulgate specific regulations on the collection of statistics on technology transfer, application and innovation.
Article 58.
Responsibilities of overseas Vietnamese diplomatic missions for technology transfer activities
Overseas Vietnamese diplomatic missions shall seek technologies, support and promote technology transfer activities and create favorable conditions for organizations and individuals to promote technology transfers from abroad into Vietnam and vice versa.
Chapter VI
IMPLEMENTATION PROVISIONS
Article 59.
Effect
1. This Law takes effect on July 1, 2018.
2. Law No. 80/2006/QH11 on Technology Transfer will cease to be effective on the effective date of this Law.
Article 60.
Transitional provisions
1. For technology transfer agreements entered into before the effective date of this Law, if they need to be extended after the effective date of this Law, the registration and extension procedures prescribed in this Law shall be carried out.
2. Dossiers for registration of technology transfer contracts which are accepted before this Law takes effect but have not yet been processed shall be processed under Law No. 80/2006/QH11 on Technology Transfer.
3. Technology assessment, price appraisal and inspection service organizations set up and operating before the effective date of this Law shall, within 12 months after this Law takes effect, register their operation eligibility with competent state management agencies.
This Law was passed on June 19, 2017, by the XIVth National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam at its 3
rd
session.-
Chairwoman of the National Assembly
NGUYEN THI KIM NGAN
[1]
Công Báo Nos 515-516 (25/7/2017)
This feature is available to
English
or
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Processing, please wait...
You are not logged in.
This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to access detailed information on Related documents.
If you do not have an account, please
register here!
Processing, please wait...
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
VIETNAMESE DOCUMENTS
Law on technology transfer, Law No. 07/2017/QH14 PDF (Original)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Law on technology transfer, Law No. 07/2017/QH14 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
ENGLISH DOCUMENTS
Official Gazette
Law on technology transfer, Law No. 07/2017/QH14 (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Law on technology transfer, Law No. 07/2017/QH14 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Others
Law on technology transfer, Law No. 07/2017/QH14 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
* Note:
To view documents downloaded from LuatVietnam.vn, please install DOC, DOCX and PDF file readers
For further support, please call
19006192
Circular 100/2026/TT-BTC repealing 06 Circulars issued by Minister of Finance
Decree 278/2026/ND-CP amend Decree 72/2025/ND-CP on mechanism and time frame for adjusting the average electricity retail price
Circular 30/2026/TT-BYT contents of nutrition facts labels and method of nutrition facts labeling of food
Circular 32/2026/TT-NHNN provision of loans by credit institutions and foreign bank branches for offshore investment
Circular 56/2026/TT-BXD working time and rest time for workers performing jobs of special characteristics at sea
Log in
Register
Remember
Forgot password
Log in
Or log in via
* Required information
Username
Email
*
Password
*
Confirm Password
*
I agree to the
Terms & Conditions
and
Personal Data Protection Policy
of LuatVietnam
Register
Forgot password
Enter your account name to recover your password.
Send
Select folder
+ Add folder
Save
Back
Add folder
Bilingual Text
Nội dung tham chiếu