Source: https://english.luatvietnam.vn/law-no-115-2025-qh15-dated-december-10-2025-of-the-national-assembly-amending-and-supplementing-a-number-of-articles-of-the-law-on-technology-transf-422298-doc1.html
Extracted: 2026-07-21 11:46

Law Amending Law on Technology Transfer 2025, No. 115/2025/QH15
Home
Legal Normative Documents
New documents
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
News
Services
Available translation
On-demand translation
Vietnamese
Home
Legal Normative Documents
Science - Technology
Search
Advanced Search
Advanced search for legal documents
Filter by
Reset
Types of documents
Law
Ordinance
Decree
Decision
Circular
Joint Circular
Resolution
Directive
Official Dispatch
Regulation
Instruction
Notice
Order
Official Telegram
Plan
Report
Code
Consolidated Text
Convention
Agreement
Treaty
Protocol
Agreement
Treaty
Issuing bodies
Committee for Physical Trainning and Sports
Committee for Population, Family and Children
Council of Ministers
Department of Hanoi public health care
General Department of Customs
General Department of Forestry
General Department of Land Administration
General Department of Post and Telecommunications
General Department of Statistics
General Department of Taxation
General Department of Tourism
Government
Government Commission for Organizational Personnel
Government Committee for Prices
Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
Ministry of Aquatic Products
Ministry of Construction
Ministry of Culture - Information
Ministry of Culture and Information
Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism
Ministry of Education and Training
Ministry of Finance
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Health
Ministry of Home Affairs
Ministry of Industry
Ministry of Industry and Trade
Ministry of Information and Communications
Ministry of Justice
Ministry of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs
Ministry of National Defence
Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment
Ministry of Planning and Investment
Ministry of Post and Telecommunications
Ministry of Public Security
Ministry of Science and Technology
Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment
Ministry of Trade
Ministry of Transport
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
National Assembly Standing Committee
National Committee for International Economic Co-operation
National Committee for Population and Family Planning
Office of the Government
Office of the National Assembly
People' Committee of Ho Chi Minh City
People's Committee of Hanoi
People's Supereme Court
People's Supereme Procuracy
Political Bureau
Prime Minister
Socialist Republic of Vietnam
State Bank
State Bank of Vietnam
State Committee for Co-operation and Investment (SCCI)
State Committee for Ethnic Minorities and Mountainous Areas
State Committee for Planning
State Council
State Securities Commission
The Ethnic Minority Committee
The Judges's Council of the Supreme People's Court
The President
Vietnam Labor General Confederation
Vietnam Social Security
Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee
All fields
Culture - Sports - Tourism
Information - Communications
Agriculture - Forestry
Natural Resources - Environment
Justice
Criminal
Civil law
Marriage and family
Electricity
Bidding - Competition
Appeal - Accuse
Press - Television
Insurance
Emulation - Commendation - Discipline
Administrative border
Commerce - Advertising
Food and drug
Saving - Anti-corruption
National Security
Cadres - Civil Servants
Residence - Population
Immigration
Accounting - Audit
Securities
Navigation
Aquatic products
National defence
Intellectual property
Transport
Administration
Administrative violation
Policy
Enterprise
Organizational structure
Others
Customs
Construction
Science - Technology
Industry
Foreign affairs
Health
Public order
Labor - Salary
Export - Import
Education - Training - Vocational training
Tax - Fee - Charge
Land - Housing
Finance - Banking
Investment
Effect status
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Signers
Abdellatif Ouahbi
Abdelwaheb Abdallah
Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdullah Ali Abdullah Al Yahaya
Abdullah bin Sultan bin Awad Al Nuaimi
Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan
Adisai Bodharamik
Alastair Goodlad
Amaret Sila_on
Amnuay Viravan
Andre Ouellet
Andrew S.Natsisos
Ang Vong Vathana
Anna Lindstedt
Arifin M. Siregar
Au Anh Tuan
B.G (NS) George Yong-Boon Yeo
Bac-ba-ra Su-ma-nop-xka
Bach Thi Minh Huyen
Banh Tien Long
Battsetseg Batmunkh
Be-a-ta Xo-ten-mac
Berkesi Laszlos
Bernard K.Mambe
Bhuvesh Chaturvedi
Brain Cowen
Bui Anh Tuan
Bui Ba Bong
Bui Cach Tuyen
Bui Hong Linh
Bui Hong Minh
Bui Huu Toan
Bui Manh Cuong
Bui Manh Hai
Bui Nguyen Long
Bui Pham Khanh
Bui Quang Vinh
Bui Thanh Son
Bui The Duy
Bui Thi Quynh Van
Bui Thien Ngo
Bui Van Cuong
Bui Van Ga
Bui Van Khang
Bui Van Nam
Bui Van Suong
Bui Xuan Cuong
Bui Xuan Dung
Bui Xuan Khu
Bui Xuan Minh
Bui Xuan Son
Cao Anh Tuan
Cao Duc Phat
Cao Lai Quang
Cao Minh Quang
Cao Quoc Hung
Cao Si Kiem
Cao Viet Sinh
Caryn R. McClelland
Cear V.Purisma
Cecilia Piccioni
Cham Nimul
Cham Pradidh
Cham Prasidh
Chan Sek Keong
Charlotte Laursen
Chau Hue Cam
Chou Vichith
Chu Hao
Chu Ngoc Anh
Chu Pham Ngoc Hien
Chu Tuan Cap
Chu Tuan Nha
Chu Van Nguyen
Chu Van Thinh
Chu Xuan Dung
Commodore(Ns) Teo Chee Hean
Cristian Barros
Cu Ngoc Oanh
Dam Huu Dac
Dam Thi Hoa
Dang cap nhat
Dang Dinh Lam
Dang Dinh Luu
Dang Hanh Thu
Dang Hoang An
Dang Hong Nam
Dang Hung Vo
Dang Huu
Dang Huy Dong
Dang Huynh Mai
Dang Nghiem Chinh
Dang Ngoc Minh
Dang Ngoc Tung
Dang Nhu Loi
Dang Quang Phuong
Dang Quoc Tien
Dang Son Tung
Dang Thanh Binh
Dang Thi Bich Lien
Dang Thi Binh An
Dang Van Tao
Dang Van Tin
Dang Vu Chu
Daniel Tomlinson
Dao Dinh Binh
Dao Hong Lan
Dao Minh Tu
Dao Ngoc Dung
Dao Xuan Hoc
Da-So-Gan-Bon-Do
Dato’ Seri Paduka Haji Kifrawi
DATO’ SRI ONG TEE KEAT
Dick Kling
Diep Kinh Tan
Diep Kinh Tan
Dinh Anh Tuan
Dinh Huu Phi
Dinh La Thang
Dinh Ngoc Thang
Dinh Quang Ngu
Dinh Tien Dung
Dinh Trung Tung
Dinh Van Nha
Dinh Viet Son
Dlamini Zuma
Do Duc Duy
Do Duc Tien
Do Hai Dung
Do Hoang Anh Tuan
Do Huu Hao
Do Ngoc Huynh
Do Nguyen Phuong
Do Nhu Dinh
Do Quang Trung
Do Que Luong
Do Qui Doan
Do Quoc Sam
Do Quy Doan
Do Quy Doan
Do Thang Hai
Do Thanh Binh
Do Thi Xuan Phuong
Do Trung Ta
Do Van Dong
Do Van Sinh
Do Xuan Tuyen
Doan Hoang Minh
Doan Hong Phong
Doan Manh Giao
Doan Mau Diep
Doan Thai Son
Doan Van Viet
Doan Xuan Hung
Doan Xuan Toan
Duong Anh Duc
Duong Duc Tuan
Duong Gia Trien
Duong Quoc Anh
Duong Thu Huong
Duong Tri Dung
Ephraim Ben Matityau
Erik Derycke
Evgeny Shestakov
George Vella
Gia Tan Dinh
Giang Seo Phu
H. A.F.M.O van Mierlo
Ha Cong Tuan
Ha Hung
Ha Hung Cuong
Haike Manning
Hans Winkler
Hirofumi Nakasone
Ho Anh Tuan
Ho Dieu Bang
Ho Duc Phoc
Ho Huan Nghiem
Ho Nghia Dung
Ho Quoc Dung
Ho Te
Ho Thi Kim Thoa
Ho Xuan Hung
Hoang Cong Dung
Hoang Manh Hien
Hoang Minh Duc
Hoang Minh Hao
Hoang Minh Son
Hoang Minh Tuan Anh
Hoang Nghia Mai
Hoang Quoc Vuong
Hoang Quy
Hoang Sy Thanh
Hoang The Lien
Hoang Thi Ha Giang
Hoang Thi Tuyet Hoa
Hoang Trung
Hoang Trung Hai
Hoang Tuan Anh
Hoang Van Huay
Hoang Van Nghien
Hoang Van Phong
Hoang Van Thang
Hoang Viet Cuong
Hoang Vu Thanh
Hon. Robert Debus
HOR Namhong
Hu Cha-Chi
Hua Duc Nhi
Huynh Huu Phuc
Huynh Ngoc Thanh
Huynh Phong Tranh
Huynh Quang Hai
Huynh Thi Nhan
Huynh Vinh Ai
Jack Straw
Jan Vapaavuori
Joaquim Verissimo
John C Tsang
John Sydney Dawkins
Joseisidro N.Camacho
JUSMAN SYAFII DJAMAL
Kham Ouane Boupha
Khong co
Khuat Van Nga
KRASIMIR TSIPOV
Kwon Jong-rak
La Ngoc Khue
Lai Quang Thuc
Lam Thi Phuong Thanh
LASZLO TROCSANYI
Le Anh Tuan
Le Bach Hong
Le Chiem
Le Cong Phung
Le Cong Thanh
Le Danh Vinh
Le Dinh Tho
Le Dinh Tien
Le Doan Hop
Le Duc Anh
Le Duc Luan
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duong Quang
Le Duy Dong
Le Hoa Binh
Le Hoai Trung
Le Hong Anh
Le Hong Hai
Le Hong Nam
Le Hong Nga
Le Hong Son
Le Hung Son
Le Huy Con
Le Huy Ngo
Le Huy Vinh
Le Manh Hung
Le Minh Hoan
Le Minh Hung
Le Minh Huong
Le Minh Khai
Le Minh Ngan
Le Minh Tri
Le Nam Thang
Le Ngoc Hoan
Le Ngoc Trong
Le Quan
Le Quang Cuong
Le Quang Hung
Le Quang Tung
Le Quoc Doanh
Le Quoc Dung
Le Quoc Hung
Le Quoc Khanh
Le Quy Vuong
Le Quy Vuong
Le Tan Can
Le Tan Dung
Le Thanh Do
Le Thanh Liem
Le Thanh Long
Le Thanh Nghi
Le The Tiem
Le Thi Bang Tam
Le Thi Bich Thuan
Le Thi Thu Hang
Le Trung Chinh
Le Van Bang
Le Van Chau
Le Van Khoa
Le Van Tan
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Toan
Le Van Triet
Le Van Truyen
Le Van Tuyen
Le Van Uyen
Le Viet Dung
Le Vinh Tan
Le Vu Hung
Le Xuan Dinh
Le Xuan Trinh
LEANDRO R. MENDOZA
Lee Hsien Long
Lim Hng Kiang
Lim Jock Seng
Lo Thi Nhu
Luong Cuong
Luong Le Phuong
Luong Quoc Dung
Luong Tam Quang
Luong Thi Toi
Luong Van Tu
Luu Chan Dan
Luu Duc Huy
Luu Duc Sau
Luu Duc Tuyen
Luu Manh Tuong
Luu Tran Tieu
Macabangkit Lanto
Mai Ai Truc
Mai Liem Truc
Mai Luong Khoi
Mai Son
Mai Thi Thu Van
Mai Tien Dung
Mai Van Chinh
Mai Van Dau
Mai Xuan Thanh
MAJOR GENERAL THEIN SWE
Manuel M. Dayrit
Marcy Claudio Lopes
Mari Elka Pangestu
Maria Esther Reus Gonzalez
Martin Malvy
Maxim Alexandrovich Travnikov
MICHAEL KEENAN
Michael O. Leavitt
Miguel Angel Moratinos Cuyaube
Miguel Marin Bosch
Mike Penning
Mikulas BEK
Mingkwan Songsuwan
Mohammad Maruf
Muhyiddin Bin Mohammad Yassin
N.Ba-ga-Ban-di
NA-DA MA-LA-GOA-RA-CHI
Nam Viyaketh
Ngo Duy Hieu
Ngo Hai Phan
Ngo The Dan
Ngo Thi Kim Yen
Ngo Thi Minh
Ngo Xuan Hue
Ngo Xuan Lich
Ngo Xuan Loc
Nguen Hoang Tuan
Nguyen An Luong
Nguyen Anh Tuan
Nguyen Ba Hoan
Nguyen Bac Hai
Nguyen Bac Son
Nguyen Bich Dat
Nguyen Cam Tu
Nguyen Cao Luc
Nguyen Chi Dung
Nguyen Cong Binh
Nguyen Cong Dan
Nguyen Cong Nghiep
Nguyen Cong Su
Nguyen Cong Tan
Nguyen Cong Thanh
Nguyen Dai Thanh
Nguyen Dai Tri
Nguyen Danh Huy
Nguyen Danh Thai
Nguyen Dinh Bin
Nguyen Dinh Bong
Nguyen Dinh Khang
Nguyen Dinh Lieu
Nguyen Dinh Loc
Nguyen Dinh Toan
Nguyen Dong Tien
Nguyen Duc Chi
Nguyen Duc Chinh
Nguyen Duc Chung
Nguyen Duc Huy
Nguyen Duc Minh
Nguyen Duc Quang
Nguyen Duc Tam
Nguyen Duong Thai
Nguyen Duy Giang
Nguyen Duy Lam
Nguyen Duy Minh
Nguyen Duy Ngoc
Nguyen Duy Nien
Nguyen Duy Thang
Nguyen Dy Nien
Nguyen Hai Phong
Nguyen Hanh Phuc
Nguyen Hoa Binh
Nguyen Hoang Anh
Nguyen Hoang Hiep
Nguyen Hoang Long
Nguyen Hong Dien
Nguyen Hong Nhi
Nguyen Hong Quan
Nguyen Hong Truong
Nguyen Huu Chi
Nguyen Huu Do
Nguyen Huu Hoai
Nguyen Huu Hung
Nguyen Huu Nghiep
Nguyen Huu Tan
Nguyen Huu Tri
Nguyen Huu Vu
Nguyen Huy Ban
Nguyen Huy Dung
Nguyen Huy Hieu
Nguyen Huy Hoan
Nguyen Huy Luan
Nguyen Huy Tien
Nguyen Huy Tuong
Nguyen Khac Dinh
Nguyen Khanh
Nguyen Khanh Ngoc
Nguyen Khanh Toan
Nguyen Khoa Diem
Nguyen Kim Anh
Nguyen Kim Ly
Nguyen Kim Son
Nguyen Ky Cam
Nguyen Linh Ngoc
Nguyen Loc An
Nguyen Luong Trao
Nguyen Mai
Nguyen Manh Cam
Nguyen Manh Dong
Nguyen Manh Ha
Nguyen Manh Hien
Nguyen Manh Hung
Nguyen Manh Khuong
Nguyen Manh Kiem
Nguyen Minh Hien
Nguyen Minh Hong
Nguyen Minh Quang
Nguyen Minh Thao
Nguyen Minh Thong
Nguyen Minh Triet
Nguyen Minh Tuan
Nguyen Minh Vu
Nguyen Nam Binh
Nguyen Nam Hai
Nguyen Ngoc Bao
Nguyen Ngoc Canh
Nguyen Ngoc Dong
Nguyen Ngoc Hien
Nguyen Ngoc Hong
Nguyen Ngoc Lan
Nguyen Ngoc Phi
Nguyen Ngoc Thien
Nguyen Ngoc Tuan
Nguyen Ngoc Tuc
Nguyen Ngoc Vinh
Nguyen Nhac
Nguyen Nhat
Nguyen Nhat Kha
Nguyen Phu Binh
Nguyen Phu Trong
Nguyen Phuoc Thanh
Nguyen Phuong Nga
Nguyen Quan
Nguyen Quang Dung
Nguyen Quang Ha
Nguyen Quang Huy
Nguyen Que Huong
Nguyen Quoc Dung
Nguyen Quoc Huy
Nguyen Quoc Thanh
Nguyen Quoc Tri
Nguyen Quoc Trieu
Nguyen Sinh Hung
Nguyen Sinh Nhat Tan
Nguyen Son
Nguyen Sy Hiep
Nguyen Tam Chien
Nguyen Tan Dung
Nguyen Tan Trinh
Nguyen Tan Van
Nguyen Thac Giap
Nguyen Thai Binh
Nguyen Thai Duong
Nguyen Thai Lai
Nguyen Thanh
Nguyen Thanh Bien
Nguyen Thanh Cung
Nguyen Thanh Hoa
Nguyen Thanh Hung
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Long
Nguyen Thanh Nghi
Nguyen Thanh Phong
Nguyen Thanh Son
Nguyen Thanh Tinh
Nguyen The Manh
Nguyen The Phuong
Nguyen Thi Bich Ngoc
Nguyen Thi Cuc
Nguyen Thi Ha
Nguyen Thi Hang
Nguyen Thi Hanh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Anh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Lan
Nguyen Thi Hong
Nguyen Thi Hong Minh
Nguyen Thi Huong Lan
Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan
Nguyen Thi Kim Phung
Nguyen Thi Kim Tien
Nguyen Thi Le
Nguyen Thi Le Thanh
Nguyen Thi Lien Huong
Nguyen Thi Minh
Nguyen Thi Minh Nguyet
Nguyen Thi Nghia
Nguyen Thi Phuong Hoa
Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong
Nguyen Thi Thu
Nguyen Thi Thu Phuong
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Xuan Thu
Nguyen Thi Xuyen
Nguyen Thien Luan
Nguyen Thien Nhan
Nguyen Thuy Hien
Nguyen Tien Dinh
Nguyen Tien Dung
Nguyen Tien Hong
Nguyen Tien Sam
Nguyen Tien Trung
Nguyen Tien Truong
Nguyen Toan Thang
Nguyen Tran Nam
Nguyen Tri Thuc
Nguyen Tri Tue
Nguyen Trong Dam
Nguyen Trong Dieu
Nguyen Trong Du
Nguyen Trung Khanh
Nguyen Trung Kien
Nguyen Truong Son
Nguyen Tuong Van
Nguyen Van An
Nguyen Van Binh
Nguyen Van Cam
Nguyen Van Can
Nguyen Van Chi
Nguyen Van Cong
Nguyen Van Dang
Nguyen Van Duc
Nguyen Van Duoc
Nguyen Van Giau
Nguyen Van Hien
Nguyen Van Hieu
Nguyen Van Hoi
Nguyen Van Hong
Nguyen Van Hung
Nguyen Van Huong
Nguyen Van Khai
Nguyen Van Lien
Nguyen Van Long
Nguyen Van Nen
Nguyen Van Nganh
Nguyen Van Ngu
Nguyen Van Phuc
Nguyen Van Phung
Nguyen Van Rinh
Nguyen Van San
Nguyen Van Sanh
Nguyen Van Sinh
Nguyen Van Suu
Nguyen Van Thang
Nguyen Van Thanh
Nguyen Van The
Nguyen Van Tho
Nguyen Van Thuong
Nguyen Van Tien
Nguyen Van Trung
Nguyen Van Tung
Nguyen Van Vinh Chau
Nguyen Van Vong
Nguyen Vi Ninh
Nguyen Viet Hung
Nguyen Viet Thang
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Vinh Hien
Nguyen Xuan Chuan
Nguyen Xuan Cuong
Nguyen Xuan Duong
Nguyen Xuan Phuc
Nguyen Xuan Quang
Nguyen Xuan Sang
Nguyen Xuan Thanh
Nguyen Xuan Thao
Nguyen Xuan Thuy
Nicola Louise Roxon
Nong Duc Manh
Nong Phi Quang
Obaid Humaid Al Tayer
Oldemiro Julio Marques Baloi
Olga Algajerova
OsMan Giines
Pan Sorasak
Patrizia Toia
Paula Lehtomaki
Pedro Mejia Gomez
PEHIN DATO ABU BAKAR APONG
Peter B.Favila
Peter D. Garrucho
Peter Ricketts
Peter Szijjarto
Pham Binh Minh
Pham Cong Tac
Pham Duc Long
Pham Duy Anh
Pham Duy Khuong
Pham Gia Khiem
Pham Gia Tuc
Pham Hoang Duc
Pham Hong Giang
Pham Hong Ha
Pham Hong Hai
Pham Khoi Nguyen
Pham Le Tuan
Pham Manh Hung
Pham Manh Thang
Pham Minh Chinh
Pham Minh Ha
Pham Minh Huan
Pham Ngac
Pham Ngoc Thuong
Pham Quang Dung
Pham Quang Nghi
Pham Quang Ngoc
Pham Quang Tuyen
Pham Quang Vinh
Pham Quoc Anh
Pham Quoc Hung
Pham Quy Ngo
Pham Quy Tieu
Pham Quy Ty
Pham Si Chien
Pham Si Danh
Pham Sy Chung
Pham Sy Danh
Pham Thanh Binh
Pham Thanh Ha
Pham The Minh
Pham Thi Hai Chuyen
Pham Thi Thanh Tra
Pham Tien Dung
Pham Van Dinh
Pham Van Hau
Pham Van Huyen
Pham Van Khanh
Pham Van Phuong
Pham Van Tra
Pham Van Trong
Pham Vu Luan
Pham Xuan Tien
Phan Chi Hieu
Phan Khac Hai
Phan Quang Trung
Phan Tam
Phan Thai Dung
Phan The Rue
Phan Thi My Linh
Phan Thi Thang
Phan Tien Lan
Phan Trung Kien
Phan Van Anh
Phan Van Da
Phan Van Dinh
Phan Van Giang
Phan Van Khai
Phan Van Mai
Phan Van Men
Phan Van Tiem
Phan Van Trong
Phi Dang Minh
Phi Van Tuan
Pho-do-ri-co Gon-xa-let Phran-co
Phung Duc Tien
Phung Khac Ke
Phung Ngoc Hung
Phung Quang Thanh
Phung Xuan Nha
Phuong Huu Oanh
Pierre.S.Pettigrew
Pirapan Salirathavibhaga
Pra-Chuop Chai-Ya-San
Quach Dang Hoa
Rafael Catala Polo
Rafidah Aziz
Rashid Tussupbekov
RAYMOND LIM
Rini M.S. Soewandi
Rizalino S. Navarro
ROBERT PELIKAN
Ryszard Michalski
Saadi Salama
Sergey Lavrov
SOMMAD PHOLSENA
SOPHON ZARAM
Soulivong Daravong
SUSHILKUMAR SHINDE
T. Ariwibowo
Ta Anh Tuan
Ta Ca
Ta Manh Hung
Ta Quang Dong
Ta Quang Khanh
Ta Quang Ngoc
Ta Quoc Trung
Ta Thi Phuong Lan
Tan Sri Abdul Gani Patail
Tang Chi Thuong
Tao Huu Phung
TAUCH CHANKOSAL
Tea Varak
Thai Van Tai
Tharman Shanmugaratnam
Thi Van Tam
Thongbanh Sengaphone
Tibor Navracsics
To Anh Dung
To Lam
To Tu Ha
Tong Anh Hao
Tong Thi Minh
Tong Van Nga
Toshiko Abe
Tran Anh Tuan
Tran Chi Dao
Tran Chi Liem
Tran Chien Thang
Tran Cong Phan
Tran Dai Quang
Tran Dinh Duy
Tran Dinh Hoan
Tran Dinh Khoa
Tran Dinh Lieu
Tran Doan Tho
Tran Duc Lai
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Dung Ha
Tran Duy Dong
Tran Hanh
Tran Hiep Hung
Tran Hong Ha
Tran Lum
Tran Luu Quang
Tran Minh Phuc
Tran Minh Tuan
Tran Ngoc Binh
Tran Ngoc Liem
Tran Ngoc Thien
Tran Quan
Tran Quang Bao
Tran Quang Lam
Tran Quang Quy
Tran Quoc Khanh
Tran Quoc Phuong
Tran Quoc Thang
Tran Quy Kien
Tran Thanh Hai
Tran Thanh Man
Tran Thanh Nam
Tran The Ngoc
Tran Thi Thanh Binh
Tran Thi Thanh Thanh
Tran Thi Trung Chien
Tran Thu
Tran Tien Dung
Tran Tuan Anh
Tran Van Chung
Tran Van Dang
Tran Van Dung
Tran Van Hieu
Tran Van Son
Tran Van Ta
Tran Van Thuan
Tran Van Truyen
Tran Van Tu
Tran Van Tuan
Tran Van Tung
Tran Viet Tan
Tran Viet Thanh
Tran Vinh Tuyen
Tran Xuan Gia
Tran Xuan Ha
Trieu Van Be
Trinh Dinh Dung
Trinh Hong Duong
Trinh Quan Huan
Trinh Thi Thuy
Trinh To Tam
Trinh Xuan Truong
Truong Chi Trung
Truong Chinh
Truong Dinh Tuyen
Truong Hoa Binh
Truong Minh Tuan
Truong Quang Nghia
Truong Quoc Cuong
Truong Tan Sang
Truong Tan Vien
Truong Thanh Hoai
Truong Thi Mai
Truong Van Doan
Truong Vinh Trong
Ts. Hamid Awaludin
TSEND NYAMDORJ
U Khin Maung Win
U Soe Tha
Uong Chu Luu
Van Trong Ly
Vilay LAKHAMPHONG
Vince Henderson
Vitezslav Grepl
Vo Chi Cong
Vo Hong Phuc
Vo Minh Luong
Vo Thai Hoa
Vo Thanh Hung
Vo Tuan Nhan
Vo Van Hoan
Vo Van Hung
Vo Van Kiet
Vo Van Minh
Vo Van Thuong
Vu Bang
Vu Cao Cuong
Vu Chien Thang
Vu Duc Dam
Vu Dung
Vu Hai Quan
Vu Hai San
Vu Hong Khanh
Vu Hong Nam
Vu Hong Thuan
Vu Huy Hoang
Vu Khac Lien
Vu Khoan
Vu Le Quan
Vu Manh Ha
Vu Mong Giao
Vu Ngoc Anh
Vu Thi Lien
Vu Thi Mai
Vu Trong Hong
Vu Tuan Canh
Vu Tuan Cuong
Vu Van Ninh
Vu Van Tam
Vu Van Truong
Vuong Dinh Hue
Vy Trong Toan
Watana Muangsook
Yahya AKKURT
Yeo Cheow Tong
Yoon Young – Kwan
Yoriko Kawaguchi
Yrou Young - Kwan
Yury Nazaranka
Zafar Sh. Ruziev
Zdravko Marie
Zhakyp Assanov
Ziradin Jovanovic
Translation types
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
Summary
Content
Status
Vietnamese
Related documents
Diagram
Download
Bilingual Text
Please
log in
to your
Advanced Package
to view the full text. Do not have an account yet?
Register here
.
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Print
Share:
Text mode:
Light
|
Dark
Font size:
Send link to email
Send
Error message
Law Amending Law on Technology Transfer 2025, No. 115/2025/QH15
* Required information
Email
*
Content
*
Send
ATTRIBUTE Law Amending Law on Technology Transfer 2025
Law No. 115/2025/QH15 dated December 10, 2025 of the National Assembly Amending and Supplementing a Number of Articles of the Law on Technology Transfer
Issuing body:
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
Effective date:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Official number:
115/2025/QH15
Signer:
Tran Thanh Man
Type:
Law
Expiry date:
Updating
Issuing date:
10/12/2025
Effect status:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Fields:
Science - Technology
SUMMARY
Encouragement of Green and Advanced Technology Transfer
On December 10, 2025, the National Assembly passed the amended Law on Technology Transfer 2025, No. 115/2025/QH15, which takes effect on April 1, 2026.
This Law regulates activities related to technology transfer, including the transfer of technology ownership rights or the transfer of technology usage rights, aiming to promote the application of technology in practice to create new products, services, or production methods.
- Priority for Green and Advanced Technologies
The Law adds a definition of "green technology" as the technology which is aimed at the efficient use of resources, energy conservation, emission reduction, and environmental friendliness. To prioritize the transfer of high technologies, strategic technologies, advanced technologies, new technologies, clean technologies, and green technologies from abroad into Vietnam, as well as within Vietnam, especially for national important projects and socio-economic difficulty-stricken areas.
- Rights and Obligations in Technology Transfer
Technology owners have the right to transfer the rights to own and the rights to use their technology. Organizations and individuals with the right to use the technology are allowed to transfer the right to use the technology to a third party with the consent of its owner. The Law encourages the improvement, development, and exploitation of technology based on the transferred technology.
- Capital Contribution and Commercialization of Technologies
The Law allows organizations and individuals to contribute their technologies as capital to investment projects or enterprises and encourages the commercialization of results of scientific research, technology development, and innovation for profits. For projects using state capital, the contributed technology must be appraised for value and have its lawful right to own or right to use verified.
- The State's Support and Encouragement
The State supports enterprises in conducting technology transfer activities through technology innovation funds and other forms of support. Additionally, the State may purchase the rights to own and the rights to use technologies for dissemination to serve national defense, security, education, health, and environmental protection.
Technology Appraisal and Supervision
The Law stipulates the appraisal or provision of opinions on technology in investment projects, especially those with potential adverse environmental impacts or using technology with restricted transfer. The inspection and supervision of technologies in investment projects are carried out in accordance with the law on investment and other related regulations.
For more details,
click here.
Download files
here.
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
Effect status:
Known
The Effect status of this document is known.This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to view Effect status. Don’t have an account?
Register here
THE NATIONAL
ASSEMBLY
THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Independence - Freedom - Happiness
No. 115/2025/QH15
LAW
Amending and Supplementing a Number of Articles of the Law on Technology Transfer
1
Pursuant to the Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam, which has a number of articles amended and supplemented under Resolution No. 203/2025/QH15;
The National Assembly promulgates the Law Amending and Supplementing a Number of Articles of Law No. 07/2017/QH14 on Technology Transfer, which has a number of articles amended and supplemented under Law No. 16/2023/QH15 and Law No. 93/2025/QH15.
Article 1.
To amend and supplement a number of articles of the Law on Technology Transfer
1. To amend and supplement a number of clauses of Articles 2 as follows:
a/ To add Clause 5a below Clause 5 as follows:
“5a.
Green technology
means a technology that uses natural resources efficiently, saves energy and reduces emissions and is environmentally friendly, thereby contributing to promoting sustainable development.”;
b/ To amend and supplement Clause 7 as follows:
“7.
Technology transfer
means a science, technology or innovation activity, which is conducted through the transfer of the right to own or to use a technology to practically apply the technology to create new products, services or production methods.”;
c/ To amend and supplement Clause 11 as follows:
“11.
Commercialisation of scientific research, technological development and innovation results
means the exploitation, improvement, application or transfer of, or another activity related to, scientific research, technological development and innovation results for profit-making purposes.”;
d/ To amend and supplement Clause 18 as follows:
“18.
Technology valuation
means a consultation activity to determine the value of a technology subject to valuation at a certain place and time for a certain purpose that is carried out by a valuation enterprise or valuation council according to the Vietnam Valuation Standards.”.
2. To amend and supplement a number of clauses of Article 3 as follows:
a/ To amend and supplement Clause 3 as follows:
“3. To prioritise the transfer from abroad into Vietnam and within Vietnam of high technologies, strategic technologies, advanced technologies, new technologies, clean technologies, green technologies, technologies serving national key projects and major projects, and defence and security-serving technologies; to arrange investment resources for technology transfer activities in the agriculture and rural areas sector; to attach importance to the transfer of technologies to areas facing socio-economic difficulties or extreme socio-economic difficulties, mountainous areas and islands.”;
b/ To amend and supplement Clause 5 as follows:
“5. To promote the transfer of high technologies, strategic technologies and advanced technologies from abroad into Vietnam; to encourage the transfer of technologies from Vietnam abroad; to promote technology transfer within Vietnam; to attach importance to the diffusion of high technologies, strategic technologies and advanced technologies from foreign-invested enterprises to domestic ones; to promote innovation movements among organisations and individuals.”;
c/ To add Clause 5a below Clause 5 as follows:
“5a. To encourage foreign organisations and individuals to transfer technologies to Vietnamese organisations and individuals to enhance domestic entities’ capacity to absorb, master and innovate technologies; technology transfer in foreign investment activities shall be carried out on a voluntary basis as agreed upon by involved parties, ensuring compliance with the law on intellectual property and treaties to which the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is a contracting party.
Priority shall be given to the application of incentive policies on investment, tax, land and credit, and other measures to encourage, foreign investment projects involving technology transfer, training of human resources and development of the capacity for research, design, manufacturing and application of technologies in Vietnam.”;
3. To amend and supplement Point b, Clause 1, Article 4 as follows:
“b/ Technological plans and processes; solutions, specifications, designs and technical diagrams; models, algorithms, formulas, software, information and data;”.
4. To amend and supplement Clause 1, Article 6 as follows:
“1. Transferring technology-related documents, and related quality management processes, standards and technical specifications.”.
5. To amend and supplement Article 7 as follows:
“Article 7. The right to transfer technologies
1. The right to own and the right to use technologies shall be established recognised and protected in accordance with the law on intellectual property, the law on science, technology and innovation, the law on the management and use of public assets, the civil law, other relevant laws, and treaties to which the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is a contracting party.
2. The owner of a technology may transfer the right to own or to use the technology.
3. An organisation or individual that has the right to use a technology may transfer such right to another organisation or individual when it is consented in writing or other forms by the owner of the technology in accordance with law.
4. The scope of transfer of the right to use a technology as agreed upon by the parties covers:
a/ The exclusive or non-exclusive right to use the technology;
b/ The transferee’s right to further transfer the right to use the technology to a third party.
5. The technology transferee has the right to renovate, develop and exploit the technology based on the transferred technology in accordance with the law on intellectual property and other relevant laws.
6. In case the right to own or to use a technology belongs to more than one organisation or individual, the transfer of such right must comply with this Law, the civil law, and other relevant laws.
7. In case a technology is incorporated into products, machinery, equipment or systems, the right to own or to use the technology shall not automatically arise together with the right to own such products, machinery, equipment or systems, unless otherwise prescribed by law or agreed upon by involved parties in accordance with law. The right to own or to use the technology shall be determined separately from the right to own products, machinery, equipment or systems incorporating the technology.”.
6. To amend and supplement Article 8 as follows:
“Article 8. Contribution of technologies as capital
1. Organisations and individuals that are lawful owners of technologies may contribute the technologies as capital to investment projects or enterprises, and may commercialise the technologies in accordance with the law on science, technology and innovation, the law on intellectual property, the law on management and use of public assets, the law on enterprises, and other relevant laws.
2. Technologies contributed as capital to state-funded investment projects must be subject to valuation in accordance with the law on price and the lawful right to own or to use such technology shall be certified prior to the capital contribution.
3. The State shall encourage the contribution of capital using technologies created from the scientific, technological and innovative activities of Vietnamese organisations, individuals and enterprises through measures to support valuation and establishment of the lawful right to own or to use the technologies.”.
7. To amend and supplement a number of clauses of Article 9 as follows:
a/ To amend and supplement Clause 1 as follows:
“1. High technologies prioritised for development investment, and strategic technologies in accordance with the law on high technology.”;
b/ To amend and supplement the opening paragraph of Clause 2 as follows:
“2. Advanced technologies, new technologies, clean technologies and green technologies suitable to Vietnam’s socio-economic conditions shall be encouraged for transfer from abroad into Vietnam or within Vietnam if they meet one of the following requirements:”;
c/ To amend and supplement Point b, Clause 2 as follows:
“b/ Creating new products and services;”.
8. To amend the title of Chapter II as follows:
“Chapter II
APPRAISAL OF TECHNOLOGIES”
9. To amend and supplement Article 13 as follows:
“Article 13. Appraisal of, or giving of opinions on, technologies of investment projects
1. The appraisal of technologies of investment projects in the stage of investment policy decision consideration must comply with the law on public investment, for projects using public investment funds, or the law on investment in the form of public-private partnership, for projects in the form of public-private partnership.
2. In the stage of investment policy approval or issuance of investment registration certificates, for projects not subject to investment policy approval in accordance with the Law on Investment, except investment projects under the Law on Investment specified in Points a and b, Clause 3 of this Article, it is required to conduct appraisal or seek opinions on technologies of the following projects:
a/ Investment projects using technologies restricted from transfer;
b/ Technology-using investment projects at risk of adversely affecting the environment in accordance with the law on environmental protection.
3. In the stage of investment decision consideration or project approval, the appraisal of, or seeking of opinions on, technologies shall be carried out as follows:
a/ For construction investment projects using technologies restricted from transfer or technology-using construction investment projects at risk of adversely affecting the environment in accordance with the law on environmental protection, the appraisal of, or seeking of opinions on, their technologies must comply with this Law;
b/ For construction investment projects using technologies other than those specified in Point a of this Law, their technologies shall be appraised in accordance with the construction law;
c/ For investment projects using public investment funds without construction components, and projects on investment in the form of public-private partnership with or without construction components, their technologies shall be appraised in accordance with the law on public investment or the law on investment in the form of public-private partnership.
4. During the implementation of an approved investment project, if the investment policy approval is adjusted or if the investment registration certificate, investment decision, or investment project approval is issued with adjustments to or changes in the technologies that have been appraised or given opinions on by competent state management agencies, the project must undergo procedures for appraisal of, or seeking of opinions on, the technologies under Clause 2, and Points a and b, Clause 3, of this Article.
5. The Government shall stipulate in detail contents on the explanation of technology use in dossiers of investment projects; and the competence, dossiers, procedures, contents and funds for the appraisal of, or seeking of opinions on, technologies of investment projects under Clause 2, Point a, Clause 3, and Clause 4, of this Article.”.
10. To amend and supplement a number of clauses of Article 20 as follows:
a/ To amend and supplement Point a, Clause 1 as follows:
“a/ A technology assessment, appraisal and inspection council;”;
b/ To amend and supplement Clause 3 as follows:
“3. Members of advisory councils, independent advisory organisations, and independent advisory experts shall take responsibility before law for their opinions and keep confidential information related to the investment project.”;
c/ To amend and supplement Point a, Clause 4 as follows:
“a/ In the stage of investment policy decision and issuance of investment registration certificates, these funds shall be covered by the state budget;”.
11. To amend and supplement a number of clauses of Article 21 as follows:
a/ To amend and supplement Clause 1 as follows:
“1. The application of technologies in investment projects under Article 13 of this Law shall be subject to examination and supervision throughout the implementation process.”;
b/ To amend and supplement Clause 2 as follows:
“2. The examination and supervision of technologies in investment projects under Clause 1 of this Article must comply with this Law, the law on investment and other relevant laws.”;
c/ To add Point c below Point b, Clause 3 as follows:
“c/ To examine organisations, enterprises and individuals eligible for incentives and support related to technology transfer activities.”;
d/ To add Clause 4 below Clause 3 as follows:
“4. The Government shall detail this Article.”.
12. To amend and supplement a number of articles of Article 29 as follows:
a/ To amend and supplement Clause 2 as follows:
“2. Organisations and individuals transferring technologies restricted from transfer shall send dossiers of request for approval of technology transfer to the provincial-level People’s Committees of the localities where the technologies are transferred to.”;
b/ To amend and supplement Clause 3 as follows:
“3. Within 3 working days after receiving a dossier, the provincial-level People’s Committee shall consider it; if the dossier is invalid, the provincial-level People’s Committee shall send a written reply to the organisation or individual to request the latter to supplement the dossier as prescribed.”;
c/ To amend and supplement Clause 4 as follows:
“4. Within 30 days after receiving a valid dossier, the provincial-level People’s Committee shall issue a written approval of technology transfer; in case of disapproval, it shall issue a written reply, clearly stating the reason.”.
13. To amend and supplement a number of clauses of Article 30 as follows:
a/ To amend and supplement Clause 2 as follows:
2. After obtaining a written approval from the provincial-level People’s Committee, the technology transferor shall sign the technology transfer contract.”;
b/ To amend and supplement Clause 3 as follows:
“3. Within 60 days after signing the technology transfer contract, the party obliged to apply for a technology transfer licence shall send 1 set of dossier of application for such licence to the provincial-level People’s Committee.”;
c/ To amend and supplement Clause 4 as follows:
“4. Within 5 working days after receiving the dossier, the provincial-level People’s Committee shall examine it; if the dossier is invalid, the provincial-level People’s Committee shall send a written reply to the applicant to request the latter to modify or supplement the dossier as prescribed.
Within 60 days after the date of issuance of the written request for dossier supplementation, the parties shall supplement the dossier or may make a written request for extension of the time limit for supplementation. The extended time must not exceed 60 days; past this time limit, if the parties fail to supplement the dossier, the provincial-level People’s Committee shall issue a notice of refusal to issue a technology transfer licence and, if requested, return the dossier.”;
d/ To amend and supplement Clause 5 as follows:
“5. Within 15 working days after receiving the valid dossier, the provincial-level People’s Committee shall appraise the dossier and issue a technology transfer licence; if refusing to issue the licence, it shall issue a written reply, clearly stating the reason.”.
14. To amend and supplement the title and a number of clauses of Article 31 as follows:
a/ To amend and supplement the title of Article 31 as follows:
“Article 31. Registration of technology transfer and provision of technology transfer-related information”;
b/ To add Clause 1a before Clause 1 as follows:
“1a. To encourage organisations and individuals participating in technology transfer activities to timely provide complete and accurate information related to technology transfer activities on the National Digital Platform for Science, Technology and Innovation Management.”;
c/ To amend and supplement Point c, Clause 1 as follows:
“c/ Transfer within Vietnam of technologies funded with state capital or by the state budget.”;
d/ To amend and supplement Clause 2 as follows:
“2. The State shall encourage the registration of technology transfer contracts not subject to registration under Clause 1 of this Article.
A technology transfer registration certificate serves as a basis for consideration and grant of priorities when selecting and assigning science, technology and innovation tasks, and applying incentive policies.”.
15. To amend and supplement Article 35 as follows:
“Article 35. Support and incentives for organisations and individuals to apply and innovate technologies
1. The State shall support enterprises with projects in geographical areas and fields eligible for investment incentives to engage in technology transfer activities with science and technology organisations.
2. The State shall encourage forms of cooperation between enterprises and agencies, organisations and individuals to implement investment projects on technology innovation, innovative startup, and development of infrastructure serving science and technology development and innovation.
3. Socio-political organisations, social organisations and socio-professional organisations shall, within the ambit of their functions and tasks, create favourable conditions for the transfer of technologies to organisations, enterprises and individuals.
4. The State shall support organisations and enterprises in carrying out technology transfer activities through the National Technology Innovation Fund, science, technology and innovation development funds of ministries, ministerial-level agencies, government-attached agencies, other central agencies and provincial-level People’s Committees, and other forms of support as prescribed by law.
5. The State shall reserve budget funds to develop a network of science and technology organisations with the functions of applying, transferring and innovating technologies, and innovation; innovation centres; centres supporting innovative startups; and intermediary organisations of the science and technology market that support small- and medium-sized enterprises, cooperatives, individual business households, and business individuals in applying advanced processes and techniques, available technologies, and proven management methods to improve productivity, product and service quality, and their competitiveness.
6. The Government shall detail this Article.”.
16. To add Articles 35a below Article 35 as follows:
“Article 35a. Technology procurement and dissemination by the State
1. The State shall procure the right to own or to use technologies for dissemination with the aim of:
a/ Serving national defence and security;
b/ Serving the education, health, environmental protection, and disaster and epidemic prevention and control work.
2. The procurement of technologies must ensure the following requirements: the technologies have practical value, are suitable for implementation capacity, possess clear intellectual property rights, and ensure the transparent and efficient use of budget funds.
3. The State shall disseminate technologies through one or more than one form as follows: free licensing, preferential licensing, or conditional licensing of technologies; and promote cooperation in co-developing technologies to enhance the capacity of Vietnamese organisations and enterprises.
4. The Government shall detail this Article.”.
17. To amend and supplement a number of clauses of Article 42 as follows:
a/ To amend and supplement Clause 1 as follows:
“1. Importing, decoding and mastering high technologies, strategic technologies, advanced technologies, clean technologies and green technologies to serve national, sectoral, regional and local socio-economic development objectives, strategies, master plans and plans;”;
b/ To amend and supplement Clause 3 as follows:
“3. Promoting the exploitation and use of scientific research, technological development and innovation results and technological ideas to serve innovative startup enterprises, innovative startup individuals and groups of innovative startup individuals, organisations supporting innovation, organisations supporting innovative startup, technology incubators, science and technology enterprise incubators and hi-tech enterprise incubators;”;
c/ To amend and supplement Clause 4 as follows:
4. Assessing and appraising new technologies and products created in Vietnam from scientific research, technological development and innovation results to encourage their use in investment projects funded by the state budget and provide incentives in accordance with the law on bidding;”;.
d/ To amend and supplement Clause 5 as follows:
“5. Providing training to raise the capacity to absorb and master technologies for enterprises; commercialising scientific research, technological development and innovation results; linking and exchanging scientific and technological personnel between research institutions or training institutions and production and business establishments;”.
18. To amend and supplement a number of points of Clause 2, Article 43 as follows:
a/ To amend and supplement Point a as follows:
a/ Building technical infrastructure and supporting the operation of science and technology exchanges, innovation centres, creative startup support centres, and intermediary organisations of the science and technology market;”;
b/ To add Point d below Point c as follows:
“d/ Carrying out public-private partnership, mobilising social resources in investing in and operating intermediary organisations.”
19. To add a number of clauses to Article 44 as follows:
a/ To add Clause 4 below Clause 3 as follows:
“4. The State shall encourage organisations and individuals to transfer technology abroad through provision of financial support for market promotion expenses.”;
b/ To add Clause 5 below Clause 4 as follows:
“5. The Government shall detail this Article.”.
20. To amend and supplement Clause 5, Article 52 as follows:
“5. The Minister of Agriculture and Environment shall promulgate a list of technical advances related to varieties, breeds, products, production processes, technical solutions and managerial solutions in the field of agriculture that are encouraged for transfer; and criteria, order and procedures for recognition as technical advances.”.
21. To amend and supplement a number of clauses of Article 54 as follows:
a/ To add Clause 1a below Clause 1 as follows:
“1a. To formulate and submit to the Government for promulgation a decree on the organisation and operation of the National Technology Innovation Fund.”;
b/ To add Clause 9a below Clause 9 as follows:
“9a. To evaluate the efficiency of state budget-funded technology transfers. The evaluation results shall serve as a basis for policymaking, risk control, allocation of preferential resources, and support and improvement of the effectiveness of state management of technology transfer activities.”;
c/ To amend and supplement Clause 10 as follows:
“10. To conduct examination, settle complaints and denunciations, and handle violations of the law on technology transfer.”.
22. To amend and supplement a number of clauses of Article 56 as follows:
a/ To add Clause 3a below Clause 3 as follows:
“3a. Issuing and revoking technology transfer licences for technologies on the List of technologies restricted for transfer;”;
b/ To amend and supplement Clause 5 as follows:
“5. To organise the examination and evaluation of the efficiency of technology transfer for state budget-funded programmes, projects and tasks in their localities; to build, manage and update systems of databases, information and statistics on technology transfer, application and innovation activities; to annually report on the results of examination and evaluation of the efficiency of, and statistics on, technology transfer to the Ministry of Science and Technology;”.
23. To amend and supplement Clause 2, Article 57 as follows:
“2. The Ministry of Science and Technology shall coordinate with the Ministry of Finance in developing a system of statistical indicators and organising the collection of statistical information on technology transfer, application and innovation activities of enterprises; and connect and share statistical data on technology transfer, application and innovation;”.
24.
To annul Clauses 2 and 6, Article 2; Articles 14 thru 19, 36, 37 and 40; and Clause 4, Article 54.
Article 2.
Effect
1. This Law takes effect on April 1, 2026, except Clause 2 of this Article.
2. Clauses 2, 3 and 4, Article 29; and Clauses 2 thru 5, Article 30, of Law No. 07/2017/QH14 on Technology Transfer, which has a number of articles amended and supplemented under Law No. 16/2023/QH15 and Law No. 93/2025/QH15, amended and supplemented under Clauses 12 and 13, Article 1; and Point a, Clause 21, Article 1 of this Law take effect on the date this Law is passed.
Article 3.
Transitional provisions
1. Technology transfer agreements signed before the effective date of this Law shall continue to be implemented; in case the agreements are amended, supplemented or extended after the effective date of this Law, this Law shall apply.
2. Dossiers of request for registration or extension of technology transfer contracts that are accepted before the effective date of this Law but, by the effective date of this Law, have yet to be settled, shall be further settled under Law No. 07/2017/QH14 on Technology Transfer, which has a number of articles amended and supplemented by Law No. 16/2023/QH15 and Law No. 93/2025/QH15.
3. Dossiers of request for approval and licensing of technology transfer that were accepted before July 1, 2025, but, by the effective date of this Law, have yet to be settled, shall be further settled under Law No. 07/2017/QH14 on Technology Transfer, which has a number of articles amended and supplemented under Law No. 16/2023/QH15 and Law No. 93/2025/QH15.
4. For investment projects using technologies on the List of technologies restricted for transfer or technology-using projects likely to cause adverse impacts to the environment for which the investment policy decision or investment policy approval is made or the investment registration certificate is issued, or which are decided or approved before the effective date of this Law, in case the projects have not yet undergone the process of appraisal of, or seeking of opinions on, technologies from competent state agencies, if, after the effective date of this Law, there is an adjustment to the investment policy, investment registration certificate or investment project decision or approval, involving amendments or supplements to the technology content, projects must undergo the process of appraisal of, or seeking of opinions on, technology as prescribed by this Law.
5. For dossiers of request for appraisal of, or giving of opinions on, technology during the stage of consideration for investment policy approval or investment decision which are accepted before the effective date of this Law but, by the effective date of this Law, have yet to be settled, the appraisal of, or giving of opinions on, technology for the purpose of considering investment policy approval or investment decision must comply with Law No. 07/2017/QH14 on Technology Transfer, which has a number of articles amended and supplemented under Law No. 16/2023/QH15 and Law No. 93/2025/QH15, and Construction Law No. 50/2014/QH13, which has a number of articles amended and supplemented under Law No. 03/2016/QH14 and Law No. 62/2020/QH14.
This Law was passed on December 10, 2025, by the 15
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam at its 10
session.
Chairman of the National Assembly
TRAN THANH MAN
[1]
[2]
Công Báo No 39 (22/01/2026)
This feature is available to
English
or
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Processing, please wait...
You are not logged in.
This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to access detailed information on Related documents.
If you do not have an account, please
register here!
Processing, please wait...
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
VIETNAMESE DOCUMENTS
Law Amending Law on Technology Transfer 2025, No. 115/2025/QH15 PDF (Original)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Law Amending Law on Technology Transfer 2025, No. 115/2025/QH15 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
ENGLISH DOCUMENTS
Official Gazette
Law Amending Law on Technology Transfer 2025, No. 115/2025/QH15 (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Law Amending Law on Technology Transfer 2025, No. 115/2025/QH15 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
LuatVietnam's translation
Law Amending Law on Technology Transfer 2025, No. 115/2025/QH15 (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Law Amending Law on Technology Transfer 2025, No. 115/2025/QH15 (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
* Note:
To view documents downloaded from LuatVietnam.vn, please install DOC, DOCX and PDF file readers
For further support, please call
19006192
Circular 100/2026/TT-BTC repealing 06 Circulars issued by Minister of Finance
Decree 278/2026/ND-CP amend Decree 72/2025/ND-CP on mechanism and time frame for adjusting the average electricity retail price
Circular 30/2026/TT-BYT contents of nutrition facts labels and method of nutrition facts labeling of food
Circular 32/2026/TT-NHNN provision of loans by credit institutions and foreign bank branches for offshore investment
Circular 56/2026/TT-BXD working time and rest time for workers performing jobs of special characteristics at sea
Log in
Register
Remember
Forgot password
Log in
Or log in via
* Required information
Username
Email
*
Password
*
Confirm Password
*
I agree to the
Terms & Conditions
and
Personal Data Protection Policy
of LuatVietnam
Register
Forgot password
Enter your account name to recover your password.
Send
Select folder
+ Add folder
Save
Back
Add folder
Bilingual Text
Nội dung tham chiếu