URL: http://english.luatvietnam.vn/circular-no-99-2016-tt-btc-dated-june-29-2016-of-the-ministry-of-finance-guiding-administration-of-value-added-tax-refund-106798-doc1.html
Title: Circular 99/2016/TT-BTC of Ministry of Finance date issued 29/06/2016
Downloaded: 2026-07-21 11:36:00
Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8
================================================================================

Circular 99/2016/TT-BTC of Ministry of Finance date issued 29/06/2016
Home
Legal Normative Documents
New documents
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
News
Services
Available translation
On-demand translation
Vietnamese
Home
Legal Normative Documents
Tax - Fee - Charge
Search
Advanced Search
Advanced search for legal documents
Filter by
Reset
Types of documents
Law
Ordinance
Decree
Decision
Circular
Joint Circular
Resolution
Directive
Official Dispatch
Regulation
Instruction
Notice
Order
Official Telegram
Plan
Report
Code
Consolidated Text
Convention
Agreement
Treaty
Protocol
Agreement
Treaty
Issuing bodies
Committee for Physical Trainning and Sports
Committee for Population, Family and Children
Council of Ministers
Department of Hanoi public health care
General Department of Customs
General Department of Forestry
General Department of Land Administration
General Department of Post and Telecommunications
General Department of Statistics
General Department of Taxation
General Department of Tourism
Government
Government Commission for Organizational Personnel
Government Committee for Prices
Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
Ministry of Aquatic Products
Ministry of Construction
Ministry of Culture - Information
Ministry of Culture and Information
Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism
Ministry of Education and Training
Ministry of Finance
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Health
Ministry of Home Affairs
Ministry of Industry
Ministry of Industry and Trade
Ministry of Information and Communications
Ministry of Justice
Ministry of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs
Ministry of National Defence
Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment
Ministry of Planning and Investment
Ministry of Post and Telecommunications
Ministry of Public Security
Ministry of Science and Technology
Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment
Ministry of Trade
Ministry of Transport
National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
National Assembly Standing Committee
National Committee for International Economic Co-operation
National Committee for Population and Family Planning
Office of the Government
Office of the National Assembly
People' Committee of Ho Chi Minh City
People's Committee of Hanoi
People's Supereme Court
People's Supereme Procuracy
Political Bureau
Prime Minister
Socialist Republic of Vietnam
State Bank
State Bank of Vietnam
State Committee for Co-operation and Investment (SCCI)
State Committee for Ethnic Minorities and Mountainous Areas
State Committee for Planning
State Council
State Securities Commission
The Ethnic Minority Committee
The Judges's Council of the Supreme People's Court
The President
Vietnam Labor General Confederation
Vietnam Social Security
Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee
All fields
Culture - Sports - Tourism
Information - Communications
Agriculture - Forestry
Natural Resources - Environment
Justice
Criminal
Civil law
Marriage and family
Electricity
Bidding - Competition
Appeal - Accuse
Press - Television
Insurance
Emulation - Commendation - Discipline
Administrative border
Commerce - Advertising
Food and drug
Saving - Anti-corruption
National Security
Cadres - Civil Servants
Residence - Population
Immigration
Accounting - Audit
Securities
Navigation
Aquatic products
National defence
Intellectual property
Transport
Administration
Administrative violation
Policy
Enterprise
Organizational structure
Others
Customs
Construction
Science - Technology
Industry
Foreign affairs
Health
Public order
Labor - Salary
Export - Import
Education - Training - Vocational training
Tax - Fee - Charge
Land - Housing
Finance - Banking
Investment
Effect status
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Signers
Abdellatif Ouahbi
Abdelwaheb Abdallah
Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdullah Ali Abdullah Al Yahaya
Abdullah bin Sultan bin Awad Al Nuaimi
Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan
Adisai Bodharamik
Alastair Goodlad
Amaret Sila_on
Amnuay Viravan
Andre Ouellet
Andrew S.Natsisos
Ang Vong Vathana
Anna Lindstedt
Arifin M. Siregar
Au Anh Tuan
B.G (NS) George Yong-Boon Yeo
Bac-ba-ra Su-ma-nop-xka
Bach Thi Minh Huyen
Banh Tien Long
Battsetseg Batmunkh
Be-a-ta Xo-ten-mac
Berkesi Laszlos
Bernard K.Mambe
Bhuvesh Chaturvedi
Brain Cowen
Bui Anh Tuan
Bui Ba Bong
Bui Cach Tuyen
Bui Hong Linh
Bui Hong Minh
Bui Huu Toan
Bui Manh Cuong
Bui Manh Hai
Bui Nguyen Long
Bui Pham Khanh
Bui Quang Vinh
Bui Thanh Son
Bui The Duy
Bui Thi Quynh Van
Bui Thien Ngo
Bui Van Cuong
Bui Van Ga
Bui Van Khang
Bui Van Nam
Bui Van Suong
Bui Xuan Cuong
Bui Xuan Dung
Bui Xuan Khu
Bui Xuan Minh
Bui Xuan Son
Cao Anh Tuan
Cao Duc Phat
Cao Lai Quang
Cao Minh Quang
Cao Quoc Hung
Cao Si Kiem
Cao Viet Sinh
Caryn R. McClelland
Cear V.Purisma
Cecilia Piccioni
Cham Nimul
Cham Pradidh
Cham Prasidh
Chan Sek Keong
Charlotte Laursen
Chau Hue Cam
Chou Vichith
Chu Hao
Chu Ngoc Anh
Chu Pham Ngoc Hien
Chu Tuan Cap
Chu Tuan Nha
Chu Van Nguyen
Chu Van Thinh
Chu Xuan Dung
Commodore(Ns) Teo Chee Hean
Cristian Barros
Cu Ngoc Oanh
Dam Huu Dac
Dam Thi Hoa
Dang cap nhat
Dang Dinh Lam
Dang Dinh Luu
Dang Hanh Thu
Dang Hoang An
Dang Hong Nam
Dang Hung Vo
Dang Huu
Dang Huy Dong
Dang Huynh Mai
Dang Nghiem Chinh
Dang Ngoc Minh
Dang Ngoc Tung
Dang Nhu Loi
Dang Quang Phuong
Dang Quoc Tien
Dang Son Tung
Dang Thanh Binh
Dang Thi Bich Lien
Dang Thi Binh An
Dang Van Tao
Dang Van Tin
Dang Vu Chu
Daniel Tomlinson
Dao Dinh Binh
Dao Hong Lan
Dao Minh Tu
Dao Ngoc Dung
Dao Xuan Hoc
Da-So-Gan-Bon-Do
Dato’ Seri Paduka Haji Kifrawi
DATO’ SRI ONG TEE KEAT
Dick Kling
Diep Kinh Tan
Diep Kinh Tan
Dinh Anh Tuan
Dinh Huu Phi
Dinh La Thang
Dinh Ngoc Thang
Dinh Quang Ngu
Dinh Tien Dung
Dinh Trung Tung
Dinh Van Nha
Dinh Viet Son
Dlamini Zuma
Do Duc Duy
Do Duc Tien
Do Hai Dung
Do Hoang Anh Tuan
Do Huu Hao
Do Ngoc Huynh
Do Nguyen Phuong
Do Nhu Dinh
Do Quang Trung
Do Que Luong
Do Qui Doan
Do Quoc Sam
Do Quy Doan
Do Quy Doan
Do Thang Hai
Do Thanh Binh
Do Thi Xuan Phuong
Do Trung Ta
Do Van Dong
Do Van Sinh
Do Xuan Tuyen
Doan Hoang Minh
Doan Hong Phong
Doan Manh Giao
Doan Mau Diep
Doan Thai Son
Doan Van Viet
Doan Xuan Hung
Doan Xuan Toan
Duong Anh Duc
Duong Duc Tuan
Duong Gia Trien
Duong Quoc Anh
Duong Thu Huong
Duong Tri Dung
Ephraim Ben Matityau
Erik Derycke
Evgeny Shestakov
George Vella
Gia Tan Dinh
Giang Seo Phu
H. A.F.M.O van Mierlo
Ha Cong Tuan
Ha Hung
Ha Hung Cuong
Haike Manning
Hans Winkler
Hirofumi Nakasone
Ho Anh Tuan
Ho Dieu Bang
Ho Duc Phoc
Ho Huan Nghiem
Ho Nghia Dung
Ho Quoc Dung
Ho Te
Ho Thi Kim Thoa
Ho Xuan Hung
Hoang Cong Dung
Hoang Manh Hien
Hoang Minh Duc
Hoang Minh Hao
Hoang Minh Son
Hoang Minh Tuan Anh
Hoang Nghia Mai
Hoang Quoc Vuong
Hoang Quy
Hoang Sy Thanh
Hoang The Lien
Hoang Thi Ha Giang
Hoang Thi Tuyet Hoa
Hoang Trung
Hoang Trung Hai
Hoang Tuan Anh
Hoang Van Huay
Hoang Van Nghien
Hoang Van Phong
Hoang Van Thang
Hoang Viet Cuong
Hoang Vu Thanh
Hon. Robert Debus
HOR Namhong
Hu Cha-Chi
Hua Duc Nhi
Huynh Huu Phuc
Huynh Ngoc Thanh
Huynh Phong Tranh
Huynh Quang Hai
Huynh Thi Nhan
Huynh Vinh Ai
Jack Straw
Jan Vapaavuori
Joaquim Verissimo
John C Tsang
John Sydney Dawkins
Joseisidro N.Camacho
JUSMAN SYAFII DJAMAL
Kham Ouane Boupha
Khong co
Khuat Van Nga
KRASIMIR TSIPOV
Kwon Jong-rak
La Ngoc Khue
Lai Quang Thuc
Lam Thi Phuong Thanh
LASZLO TROCSANYI
Le Anh Tuan
Le Bach Hong
Le Chiem
Le Cong Phung
Le Cong Thanh
Le Danh Vinh
Le Dinh Tho
Le Dinh Tien
Le Doan Hop
Le Duc Anh
Le Duc Luan
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duc Thuy
Le Duong Quang
Le Duy Dong
Le Hoa Binh
Le Hoai Trung
Le Hong Anh
Le Hong Hai
Le Hong Nam
Le Hong Nga
Le Hong Son
Le Hung Son
Le Huy Con
Le Huy Ngo
Le Huy Vinh
Le Manh Hung
Le Minh Hoan
Le Minh Hung
Le Minh Huong
Le Minh Khai
Le Minh Ngan
Le Minh Tri
Le Nam Thang
Le Ngoc Hoan
Le Ngoc Trong
Le Quan
Le Quang Cuong
Le Quang Hung
Le Quang Tung
Le Quoc Doanh
Le Quoc Dung
Le Quoc Hung
Le Quoc Khanh
Le Quy Vuong
Le Quy Vuong
Le Tan Can
Le Tan Dung
Le Thanh Do
Le Thanh Liem
Le Thanh Long
Le Thanh Nghi
Le The Tiem
Le Thi Bang Tam
Le Thi Bich Thuan
Le Thi Thu Hang
Le Trung Chinh
Le Van Bang
Le Van Chau
Le Van Khoa
Le Van Tan
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Thanh
Le Van Toan
Le Van Triet
Le Van Truyen
Le Van Tuyen
Le Van Uyen
Le Viet Dung
Le Vinh Tan
Le Vu Hung
Le Xuan Dinh
Le Xuan Trinh
LEANDRO R. MENDOZA
Lee Hsien Long
Lim Hng Kiang
Lim Jock Seng
Lo Thi Nhu
Luong Cuong
Luong Le Phuong
Luong Quoc Dung
Luong Tam Quang
Luong Thi Toi
Luong Van Tu
Luu Chan Dan
Luu Duc Huy
Luu Duc Sau
Luu Duc Tuyen
Luu Manh Tuong
Luu Tran Tieu
Macabangkit Lanto
Mai Ai Truc
Mai Liem Truc
Mai Luong Khoi
Mai Son
Mai Thi Thu Van
Mai Tien Dung
Mai Van Chinh
Mai Van Dau
Mai Xuan Thanh
MAJOR GENERAL THEIN SWE
Manuel M. Dayrit
Marcy Claudio Lopes
Mari Elka Pangestu
Maria Esther Reus Gonzalez
Martin Malvy
Maxim Alexandrovich Travnikov
MICHAEL KEENAN
Michael O. Leavitt
Miguel Angel Moratinos Cuyaube
Miguel Marin Bosch
Mike Penning
Mikulas BEK
Mingkwan Songsuwan
Mohammad Maruf
Muhyiddin Bin Mohammad Yassin
N.Ba-ga-Ban-di
NA-DA MA-LA-GOA-RA-CHI
Nam Viyaketh
Ngo Duy Hieu
Ngo Hai Phan
Ngo The Dan
Ngo Thi Kim Yen
Ngo Thi Minh
Ngo Xuan Hue
Ngo Xuan Lich
Ngo Xuan Loc
Nguen Hoang Tuan
Nguyen An Luong
Nguyen Anh Tuan
Nguyen Ba Hoan
Nguyen Bac Hai
Nguyen Bac Son
Nguyen Bich Dat
Nguyen Cam Tu
Nguyen Cao Luc
Nguyen Chi Dung
Nguyen Cong Binh
Nguyen Cong Dan
Nguyen Cong Nghiep
Nguyen Cong Su
Nguyen Cong Tan
Nguyen Cong Thanh
Nguyen Dai Thanh
Nguyen Dai Tri
Nguyen Danh Huy
Nguyen Danh Thai
Nguyen Dinh Bin
Nguyen Dinh Bong
Nguyen Dinh Khang
Nguyen Dinh Lieu
Nguyen Dinh Loc
Nguyen Dinh Toan
Nguyen Dong Tien
Nguyen Duc Chi
Nguyen Duc Chinh
Nguyen Duc Chung
Nguyen Duc Huy
Nguyen Duc Minh
Nguyen Duc Quang
Nguyen Duc Tam
Nguyen Duong Thai
Nguyen Duy Giang
Nguyen Duy Lam
Nguyen Duy Minh
Nguyen Duy Ngoc
Nguyen Duy Nien
Nguyen Duy Thang
Nguyen Dy Nien
Nguyen Hai Phong
Nguyen Hanh Phuc
Nguyen Hoa Binh
Nguyen Hoang Anh
Nguyen Hoang Hiep
Nguyen Hoang Long
Nguyen Hong Dien
Nguyen Hong Nhi
Nguyen Hong Quan
Nguyen Hong Truong
Nguyen Huu Chi
Nguyen Huu Do
Nguyen Huu Hoai
Nguyen Huu Hung
Nguyen Huu Nghiep
Nguyen Huu Tan
Nguyen Huu Tri
Nguyen Huu Vu
Nguyen Huy Ban
Nguyen Huy Dung
Nguyen Huy Hieu
Nguyen Huy Hoan
Nguyen Huy Luan
Nguyen Huy Tien
Nguyen Huy Tuong
Nguyen Khac Dinh
Nguyen Khanh
Nguyen Khanh Ngoc
Nguyen Khanh Toan
Nguyen Khoa Diem
Nguyen Kim Anh
Nguyen Kim Ly
Nguyen Kim Son
Nguyen Ky Cam
Nguyen Linh Ngoc
Nguyen Loc An
Nguyen Luong Trao
Nguyen Mai
Nguyen Manh Cam
Nguyen Manh Dong
Nguyen Manh Ha
Nguyen Manh Hien
Nguyen Manh Hung
Nguyen Manh Khuong
Nguyen Manh Kiem
Nguyen Minh Hien
Nguyen Minh Hong
Nguyen Minh Quang
Nguyen Minh Thao
Nguyen Minh Thong
Nguyen Minh Triet
Nguyen Minh Tuan
Nguyen Minh Vu
Nguyen Nam Binh
Nguyen Nam Hai
Nguyen Ngoc Bao
Nguyen Ngoc Canh
Nguyen Ngoc Dong
Nguyen Ngoc Hien
Nguyen Ngoc Hong
Nguyen Ngoc Lan
Nguyen Ngoc Phi
Nguyen Ngoc Thien
Nguyen Ngoc Tuan
Nguyen Ngoc Tuc
Nguyen Ngoc Vinh
Nguyen Nhac
Nguyen Nhat
Nguyen Nhat Kha
Nguyen Phu Binh
Nguyen Phu Trong
Nguyen Phuoc Thanh
Nguyen Phuong Nga
Nguyen Quan
Nguyen Quang Dung
Nguyen Quang Ha
Nguyen Quang Huy
Nguyen Que Huong
Nguyen Quoc Dung
Nguyen Quoc Huy
Nguyen Quoc Thanh
Nguyen Quoc Tri
Nguyen Quoc Trieu
Nguyen Sinh Hung
Nguyen Sinh Nhat Tan
Nguyen Son
Nguyen Sy Hiep
Nguyen Tam Chien
Nguyen Tan Dung
Nguyen Tan Trinh
Nguyen Tan Van
Nguyen Thac Giap
Nguyen Thai Binh
Nguyen Thai Duong
Nguyen Thai Lai
Nguyen Thanh
Nguyen Thanh Bien
Nguyen Thanh Cung
Nguyen Thanh Hoa
Nguyen Thanh Hung
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Lam
Nguyen Thanh Long
Nguyen Thanh Nghi
Nguyen Thanh Phong
Nguyen Thanh Son
Nguyen Thanh Tinh
Nguyen The Manh
Nguyen The Phuong
Nguyen Thi Bich Ngoc
Nguyen Thi Cuc
Nguyen Thi Ha
Nguyen Thi Hang
Nguyen Thi Hanh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Anh
Nguyen Thi Hoang Lan
Nguyen Thi Hong
Nguyen Thi Hong Minh
Nguyen Thi Huong Lan
Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan
Nguyen Thi Kim Phung
Nguyen Thi Kim Tien
Nguyen Thi Le
Nguyen Thi Le Thanh
Nguyen Thi Lien Huong
Nguyen Thi Minh
Nguyen Thi Minh Nguyet
Nguyen Thi Nghia
Nguyen Thi Phuong Hoa
Nguyen Thi Thanh Huong
Nguyen Thi Thu
Nguyen Thi Thu Phuong
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Thuy Khiem
Nguyen Thi Xuan Thu
Nguyen Thi Xuyen
Nguyen Thien Luan
Nguyen Thien Nhan
Nguyen Thuy Hien
Nguyen Tien Dinh
Nguyen Tien Dung
Nguyen Tien Hong
Nguyen Tien Sam
Nguyen Tien Trung
Nguyen Tien Truong
Nguyen Toan Thang
Nguyen Tran Nam
Nguyen Tri Thuc
Nguyen Tri Tue
Nguyen Trong Dam
Nguyen Trong Dieu
Nguyen Trong Du
Nguyen Trung Khanh
Nguyen Trung Kien
Nguyen Truong Son
Nguyen Tuong Van
Nguyen Van An
Nguyen Van Binh
Nguyen Van Cam
Nguyen Van Can
Nguyen Van Chi
Nguyen Van Cong
Nguyen Van Dang
Nguyen Van Duc
Nguyen Van Duoc
Nguyen Van Giau
Nguyen Van Hien
Nguyen Van Hieu
Nguyen Van Hoi
Nguyen Van Hong
Nguyen Van Hung
Nguyen Van Huong
Nguyen Van Khai
Nguyen Van Lien
Nguyen Van Long
Nguyen Van Nen
Nguyen Van Nganh
Nguyen Van Ngu
Nguyen Van Phuc
Nguyen Van Phung
Nguyen Van Rinh
Nguyen Van San
Nguyen Van Sanh
Nguyen Van Sinh
Nguyen Van Suu
Nguyen Van Thang
Nguyen Van Thanh
Nguyen Van The
Nguyen Van Tho
Nguyen Van Thuong
Nguyen Van Tien
Nguyen Van Trung
Nguyen Van Tung
Nguyen Van Vinh Chau
Nguyen Van Vong
Nguyen Vi Ninh
Nguyen Viet Hung
Nguyen Viet Thang
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Viet Tien
Nguyen Vinh Hien
Nguyen Xuan Chuan
Nguyen Xuan Cuong
Nguyen Xuan Duong
Nguyen Xuan Phuc
Nguyen Xuan Quang
Nguyen Xuan Sang
Nguyen Xuan Thanh
Nguyen Xuan Thao
Nguyen Xuan Thuy
Nicola Louise Roxon
Nong Duc Manh
Nong Phi Quang
Obaid Humaid Al Tayer
Oldemiro Julio Marques Baloi
Olga Algajerova
OsMan Giines
Pan Sorasak
Patrizia Toia
Paula Lehtomaki
Pedro Mejia Gomez
PEHIN DATO ABU BAKAR APONG
Peter B.Favila
Peter D. Garrucho
Peter Ricketts
Peter Szijjarto
Pham Binh Minh
Pham Cong Tac
Pham Duc Long
Pham Duy Anh
Pham Duy Khuong
Pham Gia Khiem
Pham Gia Tuc
Pham Hoang Duc
Pham Hong Giang
Pham Hong Ha
Pham Hong Hai
Pham Khoi Nguyen
Pham Le Tuan
Pham Manh Hung
Pham Manh Thang
Pham Minh Chinh
Pham Minh Ha
Pham Minh Huan
Pham Ngac
Pham Ngoc Thuong
Pham Quang Dung
Pham Quang Nghi
Pham Quang Ngoc
Pham Quang Tuyen
Pham Quang Vinh
Pham Quoc Anh
Pham Quoc Hung
Pham Quy Ngo
Pham Quy Tieu
Pham Quy Ty
Pham Si Chien
Pham Si Danh
Pham Sy Chung
Pham Sy Danh
Pham Thanh Binh
Pham Thanh Ha
Pham The Minh
Pham Thi Hai Chuyen
Pham Thi Thanh Tra
Pham Tien Dung
Pham Van Dinh
Pham Van Hau
Pham Van Huyen
Pham Van Khanh
Pham Van Phuong
Pham Van Tra
Pham Van Trong
Pham Vu Luan
Pham Xuan Tien
Phan Chi Hieu
Phan Khac Hai
Phan Quang Trung
Phan Tam
Phan Thai Dung
Phan The Rue
Phan Thi My Linh
Phan Thi Thang
Phan Tien Lan
Phan Trung Kien
Phan Van Anh
Phan Van Da
Phan Van Dinh
Phan Van Giang
Phan Van Khai
Phan Van Mai
Phan Van Men
Phan Van Tiem
Phan Van Trong
Phi Dang Minh
Phi Van Tuan
Pho-do-ri-co Gon-xa-let Phran-co
Phung Duc Tien
Phung Khac Ke
Phung Ngoc Hung
Phung Quang Thanh
Phung Xuan Nha
Phuong Huu Oanh
Pierre.S.Pettigrew
Pirapan Salirathavibhaga
Pra-Chuop Chai-Ya-San
Quach Dang Hoa
Rafael Catala Polo
Rafidah Aziz
Rashid Tussupbekov
RAYMOND LIM
Rini M.S. Soewandi
Rizalino S. Navarro
ROBERT PELIKAN
Ryszard Michalski
Saadi Salama
Sergey Lavrov
SOMMAD PHOLSENA
SOPHON ZARAM
Soulivong Daravong
SUSHILKUMAR SHINDE
T. Ariwibowo
Ta Anh Tuan
Ta Ca
Ta Manh Hung
Ta Quang Dong
Ta Quang Khanh
Ta Quang Ngoc
Ta Quoc Trung
Ta Thi Phuong Lan
Tan Sri Abdul Gani Patail
Tang Chi Thuong
Tao Huu Phung
TAUCH CHANKOSAL
Tea Varak
Thai Van Tai
Tharman Shanmugaratnam
Thi Van Tam
Thongbanh Sengaphone
Tibor Navracsics
To Anh Dung
To Lam
To Tu Ha
Tong Anh Hao
Tong Thi Minh
Tong Van Nga
Toshiko Abe
Tran Anh Tuan
Tran Chi Dao
Tran Chi Liem
Tran Chien Thang
Tran Cong Phan
Tran Dai Quang
Tran Dinh Duy
Tran Dinh Hoan
Tran Dinh Khoa
Tran Dinh Lieu
Tran Doan Tho
Tran Duc Lai
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Duc Luong
Tran Dung Ha
Tran Duy Dong
Tran Hanh
Tran Hiep Hung
Tran Hong Ha
Tran Lum
Tran Luu Quang
Tran Minh Phuc
Tran Minh Tuan
Tran Ngoc Binh
Tran Ngoc Liem
Tran Ngoc Thien
Tran Quan
Tran Quang Bao
Tran Quang Lam
Tran Quang Quy
Tran Quoc Khanh
Tran Quoc Phuong
Tran Quoc Thang
Tran Quy Kien
Tran Thanh Hai
Tran Thanh Man
Tran Thanh Nam
Tran The Ngoc
Tran Thi Thanh Binh
Tran Thi Thanh Thanh
Tran Thi Trung Chien
Tran Thu
Tran Tien Dung
Tran Tuan Anh
Tran Van Chung
Tran Van Dang
Tran Van Dung
Tran Van Hieu
Tran Van Son
Tran Van Ta
Tran Van Thuan
Tran Van Truyen
Tran Van Tu
Tran Van Tuan
Tran Van Tung
Tran Viet Tan
Tran Viet Thanh
Tran Vinh Tuyen
Tran Xuan Gia
Tran Xuan Ha
Trieu Van Be
Trinh Dinh Dung
Trinh Hong Duong
Trinh Quan Huan
Trinh Thi Thuy
Trinh To Tam
Trinh Xuan Truong
Truong Chi Trung
Truong Chinh
Truong Dinh Tuyen
Truong Hoa Binh
Truong Minh Tuan
Truong Quang Nghia
Truong Quoc Cuong
Truong Tan Sang
Truong Tan Vien
Truong Thanh Hoai
Truong Thi Mai
Truong Van Doan
Truong Vinh Trong
Ts. Hamid Awaludin
TSEND NYAMDORJ
U Khin Maung Win
U Soe Tha
Uong Chu Luu
Van Trong Ly
Vilay LAKHAMPHONG
Vince Henderson
Vitezslav Grepl
Vo Chi Cong
Vo Hong Phuc
Vo Minh Luong
Vo Thai Hoa
Vo Thanh Hung
Vo Tuan Nhan
Vo Van Hoan
Vo Van Hung
Vo Van Kiet
Vo Van Minh
Vo Van Thuong
Vu Bang
Vu Cao Cuong
Vu Chien Thang
Vu Duc Dam
Vu Dung
Vu Hai Quan
Vu Hai San
Vu Hong Khanh
Vu Hong Nam
Vu Hong Thuan
Vu Huy Hoang
Vu Khac Lien
Vu Khoan
Vu Le Quan
Vu Manh Ha
Vu Mong Giao
Vu Ngoc Anh
Vu Thi Lien
Vu Thi Mai
Vu Trong Hong
Vu Tuan Canh
Vu Tuan Cuong
Vu Van Ninh
Vu Van Tam
Vu Van Truong
Vuong Dinh Hue
Vy Trong Toan
Watana Muangsook
Yahya AKKURT
Yeo Cheow Tong
Yoon Young – Kwan
Yoriko Kawaguchi
Yrou Young - Kwan
Yury Nazaranka
Zafar Sh. Ruziev
Zdravko Marie
Zhakyp Assanov
Ziradin Jovanovic
Translation types
Official Gazette
LuatVietnam's translation
Others
Summary
Content
Status
Vietnamese
Related documents
Diagram
Download
Bilingual Text
Please
log in
to your
Advanced Package
to view the full text. Do not have an account yet?
Register here
.
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Save
Please
log in
to use this function
Send link to email
Please
log in
to use this function
Error message
Print
Share:
Text mode:
Light
|
Dark
Font size:
Send link to email
Send
Error message
Circular No. 99/2016/TT-BTC dated June 29, 2016 of the Ministry of Finance guiding administration of value-added tax refund
* Required information
Email
*
Content
*
Send
ATTRIBUTE
Circular No. 99/2016/TT-BTC dated June 29, 2016 of the Ministry of Finance guiding administration of value-added tax refund
Issuing body:
Ministry of Finance
Effective date:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Official number:
99/2016/TT-BTC
Signer:
Do Hoang Anh Tuan
Type:
Circular
Expiry date:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Issuing date:
29/06/2016
Effect status:
Known
Please
log in
to
a subscriber
account to use this function.
Don’t have an account?
Register here
Fields:
Tax - Fee - Charge
For more details,
click here.
Download files
here.
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
Effect status:
Known
The Effect status of this document is known.This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to view Effect status. Don’t have an account?
Register here
THE MINISTRY OF
FINANCE
No. 99/2016/TT-BTC
THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Independence - Freedom - Happiness
Hanoi, June 29, 2016
CIRCULAR
Guiding the management of value-added tax refund
[1]
Pursuant to November 29, 2006 Law No. 78/2006/QH11 on Tax Administration; November 20, 2012 Law No. 21/2012/QH13 Amending and Supplementing a Number of Articles of the Law on Tax Administration; and November 26, 2014 Law Amending and Supplementing a Number of Articles of the Laws on Taxes; and their guiding documents;
Pursuant to June 3, 2008 Law No. 13/2008/QH12 on Value-Added Tax; June 19, 2013 Law No. 31/2013/QH13 Amending and Supplementing a Number of Articles of the Law on Value-Added Tax; April 6, 2016 Law No. 106/2016/QH13 Amending and Supplementing a Number of Articles of the Law on Value-Added Tax, the Law on Excise Tax and the Law on Tax Administration; and their guiding documents;
Pursuant to June 25, 2015 Law No. 83/2015/QH13 on the State Budget and its guiding documents;
Pursuant to the Government’s Decree No. 215/2013/ND-CP of December 23, 2013, defining the functions, tasks, powers and organizational structure of the Ministry of Finance;
At the proposal of the General Director of Taxation.
The Minister of Finance promulgates the Circular guiding the management of value-added tax refund.
Chapter I
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Article 1.
Scope of regulation
1. This Circular guides the management of value-added tax (VAT) refund for taxpayers managed by tax offices in accordance with the Law on the State Budget, the Law on Value-Added Tax, the Law on Tax Administration, and their guiding documents, covering the receipt and settlement of VAT refund requests, examination and inspection of VAT refund; management of estimated funds for VAT refund; and responsibilities of related agencies, organizations and individuals in VAT refund management.
2. Tax refund for goods brought along foreigners and overseas Vietnamese on exit must comply with the guidance in the Ministry of Finance’s Circular No. 72/2014/TT-BTC of May 30, 2014.
3. The refund of mistakenly paid or overpaid VAT amounts must comply with Article 47 of Law No. 78/2006/QH11 on Tax Administration, which was amended and supplemented in Clause 13, Article 1 of Law No. 21/2012/QH13 Amending and Supplementing a Number of Articles of the Law on Tax Administration, and guiding documents.
Article 2.
Subjects of application
1. Taxpayers eligible for VAT refund as prescribed in the Law on Value-Added Tax.
2. Tax administration agencies, including:
a/ The General Department of Taxation, Tax Departments, Tax Branches;
b/ The General Department of Customs, Customs Departments, Customs Branches.
3. The State Budget Department - the Ministry of Finance.
4. The State Treasury, provincial- and district-level State Treasury offices.
5. Other state agencies, organizations and individuals engaged in the VAT refund management.
Article 3.
Principles of VAT refund management
1. A taxpayer falling into a case eligible for VAT refund as prescribed in the Law on Value-Added Tax shall determine its/his/her creditable or refundable VAT amount, fill in a tax refund request and make and send a tax refund dossier to its/his/her managing tax office.
2. The VAT refund must comply with law and follow the order and procedures prescribed in Article 59 of November 29, 2006 Law No. 78/2006/QH11 on Tax Administration (below referred to as Tax Administration Law No. 78/2006/QH11) and Clause 18, Article 1 of November 20, 2012 Law No. 21/2012/QH13 Amending and Supplementing a Number of Articles of the Law on Tax Administration (below referred to as Tax Administration Law No. 21/2012/QH13) and their guiding documents.
3. To apply risk management principles in the settlement of VAT refund requests as prescribed in Clause 1, Article 1 of  Tax Administration Law No. 21/2012/QH13; Clause 2, Article 1 of April 6, 2016 Law No. 106/2016/QH13 Amending and Supplementing a Number of Articles of the Law on Value-Added Tax, the Law on Excise Tax and the Law on Tax Administration (below referred to as Law No. 106/2016/QH13) and guiding documents.
4. Tax offices shall apply information technology in accordance with the law on e-transactions to the receipt and settlement of tax refund requests and management of  VAT refund and connect and exchange information with related agencies in the settlement of tax refund requests of taxpayers.
Article 4.
Funds for VAT refund
1. Funds for VAT refund shall be allocated in the annual state budget estimates decided by the National Assembly.
2. The General Director of Taxation shall manage funds for VAT refund and administer the payment of VAT refunds within the state budget estimates approved by competent authorities.
3. Tax Department Directors shall manage and use funds for VAT refund to pay refunds to taxpayers according to their competence and take responsibility for the issuance of tax refund decisions in accordance with law.
Article 5.
Databases and application of information technology in VAT refund management
1. The VAT refund database is a system of data and information on taxpayers eligible for tax refund and a component of the tax sector’s tax administration database system. The building of the VAT refund database as well as the collection, processing, use, sharing, preservation and keeping of confidentiality of the database’s information must comply with current regulations.
2. Tax offices shall apply information technology in VAT refund management, covering the receipt and processing of tax refund dossiers, notification of results of processing of tax refund dossiers, and exchange of information with related agencies in the course of settlement of tax refund requests.
Article 6.
Application of risk management in VAT refund management
1. The assessment of risks in the VAT refund management must comply with Clause 1, Article 1 of Tax Administration Law No. 21/2012/QH13 and the Ministry of Finance’s Circular No. 204/2015/TT-BTC of December 21, 2015, on risk management in tax administration (below referred to as Circular No. 204/2015/TT-BTC).
2. Risk management in the VAT refund management
a/ VAT refund dossiers shall be classified into 2 categories, including dossiers entitled to tax refund prior to inspection and dossiers subject to inspection prior to tax refund as prescribed in Clause 1, Article 1 of Tax Administration Law No. 21/2012/QH13 and Clause 3, Article 1 of Law No. 106/2016/QH13. Tax offices shall conduct inspection before paying tax refunds for high-risk tax refund dossiers.
b/ The formulation of post-VAT refund inspection and examination plans must comply with Clause 18, Article 1 of Tax Administration Law No. 21/2012/QH13, Clause 4, Article 41 of Decree No. 83/2013/ND-CP; post-VAT refund inspection shall be carried out according to the risk management principles within 10 years after tax refund decisions are issued.
Article 7.
Application of customs measures to a number of cases of high tax risks
1. Customs offices shall provide information on customs declarations and other relevant information to tax offices via the e-portal of the General Department Customs according to the Regulation on information exchange and coordination between customs offices and tax offices. Customs offices shall take responsibility for information on imported and exported goods in customs declarations as prescribed in the laws on customs and tax administration.
In case a taxpayer’s customs declaration does not exist in the customs sector’s database, the tax office shall request in writing the concerned customs office to provide the declaration so as to have grounds for refunding VAT to the taxpayer.
2. On the basis of risk analysis and assessment results and VAT refund management requirements or if detecting signs of violation of the tax and customs laws through inspection, tax offices shall provide information on taxpayers’ violation to customs offices for the latter to conduct customs inspection and supervision in accordance with regulations.
On the 20
th
day of the month following every quarter or whenever necessary, the General Department of Taxation shall request in writing the General Department of Customs apply streamlining criteria so as to inspect and supervise imported and exported goods with high tax risks. A written request must clearly state criteria for identifying and methods of inspecting and supervising imported and exported goods; commodity items; areas and sectors of import and export activities in conformity with the Customs Law.
The General Department of Customs shall start applying streamlining criteria and inspection and supervision methods to imported and exported goods within 5 (five) working days after receiving a written request from the General Department of Taxation. In case of not applying these criteria and methods or if encountering any problems, the General Department of Customs shall send its opinions to the General Department of Taxation within the above-said time limit, clearly stating the reason for non-application or delayed application.
Article 8.
Application of tax refund management methods to a number of cases of high tax risks
1. In case a tax office, through tax examination or inspection, detects that a taxpayer has purchased goods or services from another taxpayer (goods or service supplier) that commits tax evasion or tax fraud, the tax office shall incorporate the goods or service supplier into its examination and inspection plan or request the tax office managing the goods or service supplier to supplement its examination and inspection plan and conduct the examination and inspection of the goods or service supplier or provide information on observance of the tax law by the goods or service supplier so as to have grounds for tax refund.
2. In case a taxpayer has a payment transaction involving an organization or individual with suspicious transactions indicated in the warning list of the banking supervisory agency or in case a tax office, through tax examination or inspection, detects that a taxpayer’s via-bank payment document is incomplete or improperly made:
a/ The tax office shall request in writing the concerned credit institution or payment intermediary service provider to provide information (including account statements) of the payer (transferor) and beneficiary named in the document (or individuals related to the beneficiary) so as to have grounds for VAT refund;
b/ The tax office shall request in writing the concerned border-gate customs office to provide information on the amount of cash (in a foreign currency or Vietnam dong) brought into Vietnam via the border gate; the border-gate customs office shall reply to such request with 5 (five) working days after receiving it for the tax office to have grounds for refund of VAT for goods exported via land border gates in accordance with regulations.
3. In case a tax office, through tax examination or inspection, detects that a taxpayer shows signs of tax evasion or tax fraud as prescribed by the tax law and signs of crime, the tax office shall transfer the dossier to a public security agency for handling in accordance with the Criminal Procedure Code.
4. Past the time limit for tax examination and inspection, if the tax office receives no reply or verification results from related agencies prescribed in this Article:
a/ In case the dossier is subject to inspection prior to tax refund and the tax office determines that the refundable tax amount differs from the tax amount requested to be refunded:
- If the requested amount is larger than the refundable amount, the taxpayer shall be refunded an amount equal to the refundable amount.
- If the requested amount is smaller than the refundable amount, the taxpayer shall be refunded an amount equal to the requested amount.
In case the tax office can determine that a tax amount is refundable, it shall refund such amount immediately to the taxpayer without having to wait until the whole dossier is examined and verified; for tax amounts which need further examination and verification, the tax office shall request the taxpayer to give explanation or supplement the dossier and refund such tax amounts when all prescribed conditions are satisfied.
b/ In case the tax office conducts post-tax refund examination or inspection, it shall complete the examination or inspection within the prescribed time limit. Pending related agencies’ replies on, and results of verification of, a refunded tax amount, the tax office shall clearly state in the examination record or inspection conclusion that grounds for conclusion on the refundability of the tax amount remain insufficient. After receiving replies and verification results from related agencies, if the tax office determines that the refunded tax amount is non-refundable, it shall issue a decision to recover the refunded tax amount and sanction the taxpayer in accordance with law.
Article 9.
Responsibilities of tax offices in the receipt and processing of VAT refund dossiers
1. The tax office directly managing a taxpayer shall receive the VAT refund dossier of such taxpayer.
2. The taxpayer’s tax refund dossier shall be processed by the Tax Department, which shall classify the dossier, determine the taxpayer’s refundable VAT amount and tax debts, fines and late-payment interests to be offset against the refundable VAT amount; propose the refund, appraise the tax refund dossier, issue a tax refund decision, and pay the refund to the taxpayer, except the case prescribed in Clause 3 of this Article.
3. In case the taxpayer is managed by a Tax Branch under the Tax Department of Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, Binh Duong or Dong Nai province, such Tax Branch shall classify the taxpayer’s tax refund dossier, determine the taxpayer’s refundable VAT amount and tax debts, fines and late-payment interests to be offset against the refundable VAT amount, and propose the tax amount to be refunded before forwarding the dossier to the Tax Department for the latter to appraise the dossier, issue a tax refund decision and pay the refund to the taxpayer.
Chapter II
VAT REFUND PROCESS
Article 10.
Making and sending tax refund dossiers
1. A VAT refund dossier must comprise:
- A written request for refund of a state budget revenue (form No. 01/DNHT issued together with the Ministry of Finance’s Circular No. 156/2013/TT-BTC of November 6, 2013, guiding the Tax Administration Law (below referred to as Circular No. 156/2013/TT-BTC).
- Other documents as prescribed in Articles 50 thru 56 (except Article 53) of Circular No. 156/2013/TT-BTC.
2.  A taxpayer that is an enterprise or organization and meets all conditions on VAT credit and refund as prescribed by the laws on VAT and tax administration shall make and send a VAT refund dossier to its managing tax office.
In case a branch or dependent unit specified in Clause 1, Article 45 of Enterprise Law No. 68/2014/QH13, which is not an accounting unit subject to financial statement formulation under Clause 4, Article 3 of Accounting Law No. 88/2015/QH13, requests VAT refund, its VAT refund dossier must also comprise a written authorization of the head office in accordance with the law on authorization.
3. Taxpayers may send tax refund e-dossiers or submit directly or send by post paper dossiers to tax offices, specifically:
a/ Taxpayers may send tax refund e-dossiers via the General Department of Taxation’s e-portal from the time the tax offices accept electronic tax refund transactions as prescribed in the Ministry of Finance’s Circular No. 110/2015/TT-BTC of July 28, 2015, guiding e-transactions in the field of taxation (below referred to as Circular No. 110/2015/TT-BTC).
b/ Taxpayers may directly submit or send by post paper dossiers to their managing tax offices.
4. In case a taxpayer has sent a tax refund dossier to a tax office but later submits a request for cancellation of its/his/her tax refund request, the taxpayer may make an additional declaration so as to have the requested tax amount credited against the VAT declaration of the tax declaration period following the period when the taxpayer submits the request for cancellation of the tax refund request, provided that all conditions for VAT credit are met.
Article 11.
Receipt of tax refund dossiers
1. Receipt of an electronic tax refund dossier
a/ The General Department of Taxation’s e-portal shall receive the dossier automatically.
b/ The tax administration application system shall automatically record the dossier and forward it to a tax office for processing as prescribed in Clauses 2 and 3, Article 9 of this Circular; and at same time, send a notice of certification of submission of an electronic tax refund dossier (made according to form No. 01/TB-TDT issued together with Circular No. 110/2015/TT-BTC) to the taxpayer and its/his/her managing tax office via the General Department of Taxation’s e-portal.
2. Receipt of a paper tax refund dossier
a/ In case the dossier is submitted directly at a tax office:
The “single-window” section of the tax office managing the taxpayer shall receive the dossier and check its completeness in accordance with regulations. In case the dossier is incomplete, the “single-window” section shall notify and guide the taxpayer to complete the dossier. In case the dossier is complete, the “single-window” section shall record the receipt of the dossier to the tax administration application system.
b/ In case the dossier is sent by post:
The administrative and clerical section of the tax office managing the taxpayer shall receive the taxpayer’s tax refund dossier and record the receipt of the dossier in the correspondence logbook according to regulations and then forward the dossier to the “single-window” section for processing as prescribed at Point a of this Clause.
c/ The Tax Branch which receives the dossier shall send the dossier to the Tax Department responsible for processing it as prescribed in Clause 2, Article 9 of this Circular right on the working day when it receives the dossier or by the subsequent working day at the latest.
d/ In case the dossier shall be processed by a Tax Branch as prescribed in Clause 3, Article 9 of this Circular: the “single-window” section shall forward the dossier to the Tax Branch’s tax refund request settlement section right on the working day when it receives the dossier or by the subsequent working day at the latest.
3. Time of receipt of a tax refund dossier
a/ In case the dossier is an electronic dossier: it is the date stated in the notice of certification of submission of an electronic tax refund dossier as prescribed at Point b, Clause 1 of this Article.
b/ In case the dossier is submitted directly or sent by post to a tax office: it is the date of dossier submission determined under the guidance at Points b and c, Clause 1, Article 58 of Circular No. 156/2013/TT-BTC.
Article 12.
Classification of tax refund dossiers
1. Tax offices shall classify VAT refund dossiers in accordance with Clauses 1 and 18, Article 1 of Tax Administration Law No. 21/2012/QH13; and Clause 3, Article 1 of Law No. 106/2016/QH13, specifically:
a/ A dossier subject to inspection prior to tax refund is a dossier falling into one of the following cases:
- Tax refund in accordance with a treaty to which the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is a contracting party, except cases of tax refund for foreign carriers in accordance with agreements on avoidance of double taxation.
- The taxpayer requests tax refund for the first time.
In case the taxpayer has once submitted a tax refund dossier to a tax administration agency but its/his/her dossier is ineligible for tax refund, its/his/her subsequent tax refund request shall still be regarded as first-time tax refund request.
- The taxpayer requests tax refund within 2 (two) years after it/he/she is sanctioned by a tax administration agency for tax evasion or tax fraud.
In case the taxpayer requests tax refund for several times within 2 (two) years after being sanctioned for tax evasion or tax fraud and at the first time it/he/she requests tax refund, the tax office, after examining its/his/her tax refund dossier, can neither find errors leading to a decrease in the payable tax amount or an increase in the refundable tax amount as prescribed in Clause 33, Article 1 of Tax Administration Law No. 21/2012/QH13 nor detect tax evasion or tax fraud as prescribed in Article 108 of the Tax Administration Law and Clause 34, Article 1 of  Tax Administration Law No. 21/2012/QH13, from the second time onwards, the taxpayer’s tax refund dossiers shall no longer be subject to inspection prior to tax refund. Upon the taxpayer’s subsequent requests, in case the tax office detects that the taxpayer wrongly declares the tax refund dossier or commits tax evasion or tax fraud as prescribed in Clauses 33 and 34, Article 1 of Tax Administration Law No. 21/2012/QH13 and Article 108 of Tax Administration Law No. 78/2006/QH11, the taxpayer’s refund dossiers shall still be subject to inspection prior to tax refund for 2 (two) years after it/he/she is sanctioned for tax evasion or tax fraud.
- The taxpayer who produces or trades in exported goods requests tax refund within 2 (two) years after being sanctioned by state management agencies for smuggling, illegal cross-border transportation of goods or trade fraud.
The tax office shall base itself on the related state management agency’s decision on sanctioning the act of smuggling, illegal cross-border transportation of goods or trade fraud available in the tax refund management database at the time of evaluation to classify whether the tax refund dossier is subject to inspection prior to tax refund. The time limit of 2 (two) years shall be counted from the date a competent state agency issues a decision on sanctioning the act of smuggling, illegal cross-border transportation of goods or trade fraud.
- The taxpayer is an enterprise having undergone merger, consolidation, splitting, dissolution, bankruptcy, ownership transformation or operation termination; or a state enterprise which is assigned, sold, contracted or leased;
- The taxpayer bears a high risk as prescribed by the Law on Tax Administration. High-risk taxpayers are taxpayers that are evaluated and graded as taxpayers with high or very high risks and taxpayers that have been operating for less than 12 months as guided in Circular No. 204/2015/TT-BTC.
- Past the time limit stated in the tax office’s notice, the taxpayer still fails to give explanation or add information and documents as required in such notice or has given explanation or has added information and documents but still cannot prove that the tax amount it/he/she has declared is correct.
b/ Tax refund dossiers entitled to tax refund prior to inspection are dossiers other than those specified at Point a of this Clause.
2. In case a tax refund dossier is classified as being subject to inspection prior to tax refund, the tax office shall send to the taxpayer a notice of change of the classification of the dossier into inspection prior to tax refund (made according to form No. 01/HT-TB issued together with Circular No. 156/2013/TT-BTC) within 6 (six) working days after receiving the complete dossier as prescribed at Point a, Clause 3, Article 58 of Circular No.156/2013/TT-BTC. In case the taxpayer carries out tax refund procedures by electronic mode, the notice shall be sent to the taxpayer via the General Department of Taxation’s e-portal.
Article 13.
Determination of refundable VAT amounts of taxpayers
1. For a tax refund dossier which is entitled to tax refund prior to inspection
The tax office shall base itself on the taxpayer’s tax refund dossier and information on the taxpayer which is managed by tax administration agencies at the VAT refund database to check the eligibility for tax refund, specifically:
a/ If the taxpayer’s tax refund dossier is ineligible for tax refund as prescribed in the Law on Value-Added Tax and the Law on Tax Administration, within 3 (three) working days after receiving the complete dossier, the tax office shall issue and send to the taxpayer a notice of ineligibility for tax refund (made according to form No. 02/HT-TB issued together with Circular No. 156/2013/TT-BTC). In case the taxpayer carries out tax refund procedures by electronic mode, the notice shall be sent to the taxpayer via the General Department of Taxation’s e-portal.
b/ If the taxpayer’s tax refund dossier is eligible for tax refund, the tax office shall compare the VAT amount requested to be refunded stated in the tax refund dossier with the taxpayer’s tax declaration dossier. To be refundable, a tax amount must have been declared in accordance with the Law on Tax Administration and guiding documents and meet all conditions for tax credit and tax refund prescribed in Clauses 6 and 7, Article 1 of June 19, 2013 Law No. 31/2013/QH13 on Value-Added Tax (below referred to as Value-Added Tax Law No. 31/2013/QH13) and guiding documents.
c/ If the tax office has not yet obtained sufficient information to determine whether the taxpayer’s tax refund dossier is eligible for tax refund, within 3 (three) working days after receiving the taxpayer’s tax refund dossier, it shall send to the taxpayer a request for explanation or addition of information and documents (made according to form No. 01/KTTT issued together with Circular No. 156/2013/TT-BTC) as prescribed in Clause 2, Article 60 of Circular No. 156/2013/TT-BTC. In case the taxpayer carries out the tax refund procedures by electronic mode, the notice shall be sent to the taxpayer via the General Department of Taxation’s e-portal. Within 10 (ten) working days after the tax office sends the request, the taxpayer shall send its/his/her explanations or additional information and documents as requested. Past the above time limit, the tax office shall change the classification of the dossier into inspection prior to tax refund.
- In case information relating to the determination of the refundable VAT amount is managed by a state agency which has a regulation on information exchange and coordination with tax offices, the tax office may not request the taxpayer to give explanation or add information and documents.
- In case the taxpayer has given explanation or has added information and documents but still cannot prove that the tax amount it/he/she declares is correct or past the time limit set by the tax office but the taxpayer still fails to give explanation or supplement its/his/her tax refund dossier as prescribed in Clause 2, Article 58 of Circular No. 156/2013/TT-BTC: the head of the tax office shall approve the change of the classification of the taxpayer’s dossier from “tax refund prior to inspection” to “inspection prior to tax refund” and, at the same time, send a notice of change of the classification of the dossier into inspection prior to tax refund (made according to form No. 01/HT-TB issued together with Circular No. 156/2013/TT-BTC) to the taxpayer within 6 (six) working days after receiving such dossier as prescribed at Point a, Clause 3, Article 58 of Circular No. 156/2013/TT-BTC.
d/ The period of time from the date the tax office issues a request for explanation or supplementation to the date the tax office receives the written explanation or additional documents from the taxpayer shall not be counted into the time limit for tax refund dossier processing.
2. In case the tax refund dossier is subject to inspection prior to tax refund
a/ The tax office shall conduct examination or inspection at the taxpayer’s head office in accordance with Articles 78, 79 and 80 of the Tax Administration Law No.  78/2006/QH11, its guiding documents and the tax sector’s tax examination and inspection processes. Based on tax examination or inspection results, the tax office shall determine the taxpayer’s refundable tax amount. To be refundable, a tax amount must have been declared in accordance with the Law on Tax Administration and guiding documents and meet the conditions for tax credit and refund prescribed in Clauses 6 and 7, Article 1 of Value-Added Tax Law No. 31/2013/QH13 and guiding documents.
b/ In the course of tax examination and inspection, the tax office shall apply the measures specified in Articles 7 and 8 of this Circular so as to have grounds for determining the taxpayer’s refundable VAT amount.
3. In the course of settling a tax refund request, if the tax office, through tax examination or inspection, detects that the taxpayer shows sign of violation and then transfers the dossier to an investigating body or if the taxpayer’s account books and documents relating to the tax amount requested to be refunded is seized by a competent state agency, the tax office shall inform the taxpayer of its/his/her dossier’s ineligibility for tax refund. The tax office shall settle the tax refund request after receiving the results or opinions of the concerned public security agency or competent agency or receiving a complete dossier as prescribed.
Article 14.
Determination of tax debts, late-payment interests and fines to be offset against refundable VAT amounts
1. Tax offices shall determine taxpayers’ tax amounts, late-payment interests, fines and other amounts owed to the state budget (below referred to as tax debts) so as to offset them against taxpayers’ refundable VAT amounts.
2. A taxpayer’s tax debts (excluding tax debts for which write-off procedures are being carried out and tax debts which are permitted to be repaid in installments as prescribed in Articles 32 and 39 of the Government’s Decree No. 83/2013/ND-CP of July 22, 2013, detailing a number of articles of the Law on Tax Administration and the Law Amending and Supplementing a Number of Articles of the Law on Tax Administration) which shall be offset against the taxpayer’s refundable tax amount include:
a/ Tax debts managed by the tax sector on the tax administration application system;
b/ Tax debts (excluding customs charges and fees) according to information provided by customs offices in accordance with the Regulation on information exchange and coordination between customs offices and tax offices;
c/ Tax debts owed to the state budget as stated in written requests of competent agencies and organizations in accordance with law.
3. In case the refundable tax amount of a taxpayer being the head office of an enterprise, after being offset against its tax debt in accordance with Clause 2 of this Article, remains positive but one of the taxpayer’s dependent cost-accounting branches has a tax debt which has become overdue for more than 90 days and is managed by a tax office on the tax administration application system, the tax office shall further offset such tax debt against the remainder of the taxpayer’s refundable tax amount. In case many dependent cost-accounting branches of the taxpayer have tax debts, these tax debts shall be offset against the remainder of the taxpayer’s refundable tax amount with priority given to the debt which has become overdue for the longest time period.
In case a dependent cost-accounting branch has a refundable tax amount, such amount shall be offset against its head office’s tax debt which has become overdue for more than 90 days.
4. The tax office directly managing a taxpayer shall take responsibility for information on the taxpayer’s tax debts on the tax administration application system; agencies and organizations which request the offsetting of tax debts owed to the state budget shall take responsibility for the data they provide to the tax office.
5. In case a taxpayer requests in writing a tax office to set aside its/his/her refundable tax amount to repay a tax debt owed to the state budget for another taxpayer, the tax office shall determine and offset the taxpayer’s refundable tax amount (the remainder left after offsetting against its/his/her own tax debt according to Clauses 2, and 3 of this Article) against the tax debt of the other taxpayer.
6. After receiving a decision on tax-refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue as prescribed in this Article, if the taxpayer has any questions about the tax debt already offset against the refundable tax amount, the tax office managing the taxpayer and the customs office or agency or organization that has requested the offsetting shall answer to the taxpayer’s questions.
In case the tax debt amount which has been offset against the refundable tax amount is higher than the actual tax debt amount, the difference shall be regarded as an overpaid amount. The tax office and customs office shall handle such amount in accordance with Clause 13, Article 1 of Law No. 21/2012/QH13 or the agency or organization having requested the offsetting shall handle such amount in accordance with relevant laws.
Article 15.
Tax refund proposals
1. A tax office shall, based on the result of determination of a taxpayer’s refundable VAT amount, non-refundable VAT amount, to-be-offset tax debt and to-be-refunded VAT amount, make a tax refund proposal and a tax refund decision (or a decision on tax refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue) or a notice of non-eligibility for tax refund (if any).
2. Tax offices shall check and update to the tax administration application system information relating to VAT declaration dossiers, tax refund dossiers, tax refund inspection records (if any), decisions on handling of tax-related violations detected through inspection and examination of tax law observance (if any), tax refund proposals, draft tax refund decisions (or decisions on tax refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue), and notices of non-eligibility for tax refund (if any).
Article 16.
Appraisal of tax refund dossiers
1. Tax offices shall appraise tax refund dossiers with regard to tax refund proposals, draft tax refund decisions (or decisions on tax refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue) and notices of non-eligibility for tax refund (if any) before issuing tax refund decisions (or decisions on tax refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue).
The time limit for completing the appraisal of a tax refund dossier is 1 (one) working day, for dossiers eligible for tax refund prior to inspection, or 3 (three) working days, for dossiers subject to inspection prior to tax refund, from the date of receiving a complete dossier of request for appraisal.
2. Tax Departments shall appraise tax refund procedures, tax refund dossiers, subjects and cases of eligibility for tax refund, competence to issue tax refund decisions and other related contents.
a/ If a tax office, through appraisal, detects that a tax refund dossier has unclear or incomplete contents, within the appraisal time limit, it shall work with sections engaged in the processing of the tax refund dossier so as to reach agreement on contents related to appraisal of the tax refund dossier; or may refuse to appraise the dossier if it is incomplete or has not yet been updated to the tax administration application system under Article 15 of this Circular.
b/ In case appraisal results show that the tax refund procedures, tax refund dossier, subject and case of eligibility for tax refund, and competence to issue the tax refund decision are conformable with regulations, the tax office shall update VAT refund appraisal results to the tax administration application system.
Article 17.
Supervision of tax refund dossiers
1. Based on professional regulations on tax administration, tax refund process and VAT refund management database, the General Director of Taxation shall build a system for automatic supervision of VAT refund by tax offices suitable to each period of modernization of the tax administration system, ensuring completeness, accuracy and compliance with tax administration regulations.
2. The General Department of Taxation shall supervise tax refund dossiers on the tax administration application system in an automatic manner. In the course of supervision, if the tax administration application system determines that a tax refund dossier is unqualified for issuance of a tax refund decision or decision on tax refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue, the tax administration application system shall automatically notify the Tax Department concerned of the reason and jobs to be proceeded with for the latter to perform such jobs or request the taxpayer to perform such jobs.
3. Supervision results shall be automatically updated to the tax administration application system.
Article 18.
Issuance of tax refund decisions
1. Based on results of the appraisal and supervision of a tax refund dossier under Articles 16 and 17 of this Circular, the Director of the Tax Department shall consider the issuance of a tax refund decision (according to form No. 01/QD-HT) or a decision on tax-refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue (form No. 02/QD-HT) or a decision on non-eligibility for tax refund (form No. 02/HT-TB provided in Circular No. 156/2013/TT-BTC). The Tax Department Director shall take responsibility for his/her tax refund decision in accordance with law.
2. The time limit for issuance of a tax refund decision or a decision tax-refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue is 6 (six) working days, for dossiers entitled to tax refund prior to inspection, or 40 (forty) days, for dossiers subject to inspection prior to tax refund, counting from the date of receiving a complete tax refund dossier from the taxpayer.
3. The tax refund decision shall be sent to the taxpayer and related agencies and organization. In case the taxpayer carries out the tax refund procedures by electronic mode, the tax refund decision or decision on tax-refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue shall be sent via the General Department of Taxation’s e-portal under Article 28 of Circular No. 110/2015/TT-BTC.
Article 19.
Payment of tax refunds to taxpayers
1. Based on a tax refund decision or decision on tax refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue, the Tax Department shall make an order of refund of a state budget revenue or an order of refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue according to the form issued together with the Ministry of Finance’s Circular No. 08/2013/TT-BTC of January 10, 2013, providing state accounting instructions applicable to the budget management and treasury operation information system (which was amended and supplemented in Decision No. 759/QD-BTC of April 16, 2013, correcting Circular No. 08/2013/TT-BTC) and send it to the provincial-level State Treasury office, enclosed with the tax refund decision or the decision on tax refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue.
In case the taxpayer wishes to have its/his/her refundable tax amount offset against the tax debt of another taxpayer under Clauses 3 and 5, Article 14 of this Circular, the tax office shall make an order of refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue, clearly stating the name and tax identification number of the taxpayer whose debt will be offset against, which will serve as a basis for the State Treasury office to account the collected state budget revenue.
2. The provincial-level State Treasury office shall receive the tax refund decision and the order of refund of a state budget revenue (or decision on tax refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue and the order of refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue) sent by the Tax Department and:
a/ Compare the tax refund decision and the order of refund of a state budget revenue (or decision on tax refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue and the order of refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue) so as to ensure consistency of information relating to the money amount, name of the taxpayer eligible to receive the refunded tax amount, bank address, account and bank information; and information for accounting of the state budget revenue.
b/ Examine the lawfulness of the order of refund of a state budget revenue/order of refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue so as to ensure consistency with seal and signature specimens (or examine whether digital signatures are successfully certified by the State Treasury’s information system).
c/ Pay the refund to the taxpayer within 3 (three) working days after receiving the order of refund of a state budget revenue/order of refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue from the tax office.
3. The provincial-level State Treasury office shall transfer a sheet of the order of refund of a state budget revenue/order of refund-cum-offsetting against the state budget revenue to the tax office at the same level right on the date of accounting or the following working day as prescribed in Circular No. 08/2013/TT-BTC and relevant guiding documents.
In case the tax office and the State Treasury office has applied measures to exchange information on accounting of refunded tax amounts and state budget revenues accounting by electronic mode, regulations on e-transactions of the General Department of Taxation and the State Treasury shall apply.
Article 20.
Publicization of information on settlement of tax refund requests
1. Taxpayers that carry our the tax refund procedures by electronic mode may search for information on the settlement of their tax refund requests by tax offices under Circular No. 119/2013/TT-BTC.
2. Tax offices shall publish on the General Department of Taxation’s e-portal information on:
- Time of receiving tax refund dossiers; time of receiving written explanations or additional information and documents from taxpayers.
- Time of issuing notices and decisions on settlement of tax refund requests.
Article 21.
Post-tax refund examination and inspection of taxpayers
1. Tax offices shall formulate and implement post-tax refund examination and inspection plans under Clause 18, Article 1 of Tax Administration Law No. 21/2012/QH13.
2. Tax offices shall base themselves on risk evaluation results prescribed in Article 6 of this Circular to select dossiers which are eligible for tax refund prior to inspection but show signs of a high risk and include them in annual post-tax refund examination and inspection plans and conduct post-tax refund examination and inspection within the time limit prescribed in Clause 18, Article 1 of Tax Administration Law No. 21/2012/QH13.
3. If results of post-tax refund examination and inspection at a taxpayer’s head office show that the refund of a tax amount does not comply with regulations, the tax office shall issue a decision to recover the tax amount refunded to the taxpayer, sanction the taxpayer’s violation and calculate a late-payment interest in accordance with regulations.
Chapter III
MANAGEMENT OF FUNDS FOR VAT REFUND
Article 22.
Estimation of funds for VAT refund
1. The estimation of funds for VAT refund must comply with the Law on Value-Added Tax, the Law on Tax Administration and the Law on the State Budget.
The process of, and forms for use in, the estimation of funds for VAT refund must comply with regulations of formulation of state budget estimates.
2. Tax Departments shall estimate funds for VAT refund for their provinces or centrally run cities. Based on the estimates of funds for VAT refund made by Tax Departments, the General Department of Taxation shall formulate the estimates of funds for VAT refund nationwide.
3. In the course of paying VAT refunds to taxpayers, if the total of to-be-refunded VAT amounts is higher than the estimated funds approved by competent authorities, the General Department of Taxation shall report such to the Minister of Finance in accordance with the Law on the State Budget.
Article 23.
Management and administration of funds for VAT refund
1. The General Department of Taxation shall manage and administer funds for VAT refund and monthly and quarterly (by the 10
th
of the first month of the subsequent quarter at the latest) summarize the money amount already spent for VAT refund and proceeds from recovery of refunded VAT amounts nationwide and determine the remainder of the estimated funds for VAT refund.
2. The General Department of Taxation shall provide information  and periodically report on the management and use of funds for VAT refund on the basis of the tax administration information system in a unified manner nationwide, and monthly and quarterly estimate the total of VAT amounts to be refunded nationwide so as to serve the monitoring and administration of the VAT refund work.
3. Annually estimated funds for VAT refund shall be managed and used in accordance with the Law on the State Budget.
Article 24.
Accounting records of refunded VAT amounts at the State Treasury
1. Provincial-level State Treasury offices shall record and account refunded VAT amounts in accordance with current regulations on accounting of the state budget.
Monthly and annually, provincial-level State Treasury offices shall compare and certify accounting reports on refunded VAT amounts with tax offices at the same level in accordance with regulations.
2. Monthly and annually, right after closing accounting books, the State Treasury shall provide data on the payment of VAT refunds in each province or centrally run city and all around the country to the General Department of Taxation for the latter to monitor, compare and manage the estimated funds for VAT refund.
Article 25.
Accounting of proceeds from recovery of refunded VAT amounts
1. Proceeds from recovery of refunded VAT amounts which have been paid in a budgetary year shall be accounted as an decrease in the funds for VAT refund of such budgetary year.
2. At the end of each working day or on the following working day, provincial-level State Treasury offices shall send a list of documents on recovery of refunded VAT amounts already accounted (in case of e-information exchange) or documents on recovery of refunded VAT amounts already accounted  (in case of exchange of paper documents) to tax offices at the same level for the latter to make domestic tax accounting. State Treasury offices shall compare and certify accounting reports on proceeds from recovery of refunded tax amounts for tax offices at the same level in accordance with regulations.
3. Monthly and annually, right after closing accounting books, State Treasury offices shall provide data on proceeds from recovery of refunded VAT amounts in each province or centrally run city and all around the country to the General Department of Taxation for the latter to monitor, compare and manage the estimated funds for VAT refund.
Article 26.
Final accounts of funds for VAT refund
1. The General Department of Taxation shall make final accounts of funds for VAT refund based on the estimates approved by the National Assembly.
2. The General Director of Taxation shall organize the accounting of refunded VAT amounts at tax offices at various levels in accordance with regulations and guide Tax Departments to make final accounts of funds for VAT refund.
3. At the end of a budgetary year and after a period for budget revision, the General Department of Taxation shall make final accounts of funds for VAT refund with the certification of the State Treasury and the State Budget Department for summarization and finalization of the state budget accounts according to regulations.
Chapter IV
RESPONSIBILITIES OF STATE MANAGEMENT AGENCIES IN VAT REFUND MANAGEMENT
Article 27.
Responsibilities of tax offices
1. To manage and conduct VAT refund in accordance with the Law on Value-Added Tax, the Law on Tax Administration, the Law on the State Budget, their guiding documents and this Circular.
2. To take the prime responsibility for the exchange of information and coordination with related agencies in the application of measures for VAT refund management.
3. To build a database and apply information technology so as to clear tax refund procedures by electronic mode, apply risk management in VAT refund, supervise VAT refund and support taxpayers in searching for information on the processing of VAT refund dossiers by tax offices on the General Department of Taxation’s e-portal.
4. To estimate funds for VAT refund, manage the estimated funds and pay VAT refunds within the approved estimates, make final accounts of funds for VAT refund and recovery of refunded VAT amounts so as to ensure that the state budget is spent in a safe and strict manner in accordance with law.
Article 28.
Responsibilities of customs offices
1. To conduct customs examination and inspection of taxpayers’ imported and exported goods in accordance with the customs law.
2. To exchange information and coordinate with tax offices according to the Regulation on exchange of information and coordination between customs offices and tax offices.
Article 29.
Responsibilities of the State Budget Department
1. To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the General Department of Taxation in, formulating and summarizing the estimates of funds for VAT refund and making final accounts of funds for VAT refund in accordance with the Law on the State Budget.
2. To coordinate with the General Department of Taxation in administering the execution of the estimates of funds for VAT refund approved by the National Assembly. In case the estimated funds are not enough to pay VAT refunds to taxpayers in accordance with the Law on Value-Added Tax and the Law on Tax Administration, to report such to a competent agency in accordance with the Law on the State Budget.
Article 30.
Responsibilities of the State Treasury
1. To monitor and control documents on payment of VAT refunds and recovery of refunded VAT amounts according to this Circular.
2. To fully, accurately and promptly account refunded VAT amounts and proceeds from recovery of refunded VAT amounts in accordance with regulations.
3. To coordinate with tax offices in paying VAT refunds to taxpayers within the approved estimated funds for VAT refund.
4. To provide to tax offices data on refunded VAT amounts and proceeds from recovery of refunded VAT amounts in an accurate, timely and adequate manner, sum up funds actually paid for VAT refund and actual proceeds from recovery of refunded VAT amounts in accordance with regulations; monthly, quarterly and annually, compare and certify data with tax offices in accordance with regulations on state budget accounting.
5. To make final accounts of funds for VAT refunds in accordance with the Law on the State Budget.
Chapter V
ORGANIZATION OF IMPLEMENTATION
Article 31.
Effect
1. This Circular takes effect on August 13, 2016.
2. From the effective date of this Circular, the following documents cease to be effective:
- The Ministry of Finance’s Circular No. 94/2010/TT-BTC of June 30, 2010, guiding VAT refund for exported goods;
- The Minister of Finance’s Decision No. 2404/QD-BTC of June 30, 2010, promulgating the Regulation on inspection of VAT refund applicable to cases eligible for tax refund prior to inspection;
- The Ministry of Finance’s Circular No. 150/2013/TT-BTC of June 29, 2013, guiding the formation, management and spending of the Fund for Value-Added Tax Refund.
3. Transitional provisions
a/ For dossiers of request for tax refund which are governed by this Circular, have been submitted to tax offices before the effective date of this Circular, meet all conditions for tax refund prescribed in the value-added tax law and the Law on Tax Administration and are being processed by tax offices in accordance with the Law on Tax Administration (tax offices have not yet issued tax refund decisions), provisions on settlement of tax refund claims which are in effect before this Circular takes effect shall apply.
b/ The whole balance of the accounts of estimated funds for VAT refund already allocated to Tax Departments (grade 4) at the time this Circular takes effect shall be recovered into the General Department of Taxation’s account of estimated funds for VAT refund (grade 1) for centralized management at the General Department of Taxation. The State Treasury shall guide in detail the payment of tax refunds and accounting of refunded tax amounts and proceeds from recovery of refunded tax amounts in accordance with this Circular.
4. Other contents not yet guided in this Circular must comply with the current tax laws.
5. In the course of implementation of this Circular, if relevant documents referred to this Circular are amended, supplemented or replaced, amending, supplementing or replacing documents shall apply.
Article 32.
Implementation responsibility
1. The General Director of Taxation shall promulgate a tax refund process to be uniformly applied within the tax sector in accordance with the Law on Tax Administration, the Law on Value-Added Tax, the Law on E-Transactions, guiding documents and this Circular; direct, guide and inspect the implementation of such process at tax offices of various levels.
2. The General Department of Taxation shall build a database on  VAT refund, formulate a regulation on coordination and exchange of information with related agencies and apply information technology in communication with related agencies, organizations and individuals so as to manage VAT refund in accordance with this Circular.
3. Heads of tax offices, customs offices, state treasury offices, the State Budget Department and related organizations and individuals shall guide and implement this Circular.
In the course of implementation of this Circular, if meeting with any problems, organizations and individuals should promptly report them to the Ministry of Finance for study and settlement.-
For the Minister of Finance
Deputy Minister
DO HOANG ANH TUAN
[1]
Công Báo Nos 791-792 (30/7/2016)
This feature is available to
English
or
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to see the full text. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Processing, please wait...
You are not logged in.
This feature is available to
Advanced
account holders. Please
log in
to access detailed information on Related documents.
If you do not have an account, please
register here!
Processing, please wait...
LuatVietnam.vn is the
SOLE
distributor of English translations of Official Gazette published by the
Vietnam News Agency
VIETNAMESE DOCUMENTS
Circular 99/2016/TT-BTC (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Circular 99/2016/TT-BTC ZIP (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
ENGLISH DOCUMENTS
Official Gazette
Circular 99/2016/TT-BTC (PDF)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Circular 99/2016/TT-BTC (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
Others
Circular 99/2016/TT-BTC (Word)
This utility is available to subscribers only. Please
log in
to a
subscriber
account to download. Don’t have an account?
Register here
* Note:
To view documents downloaded from LuatVietnam.vn, please install DOC, DOCX and PDF file readers
For further support, please call
19006192
Log in
Register
Remember
Forgot password
Log in
Or log in via
* Required information
Username
Email
*
Password
*
Confirm Password
*
I agree to the
Terms & Conditions
and
Personal Data Protection Policy
of LuatVietnam
Register
Forgot password
Enter your account name to recover your password.
Send
Select folder
+ Add folder
Save
Back
Add folder
Bilingual Text
Nội dung tham chiếu